"id"	"title"	"date"	"price"	"tags"	"description"	"reviews"
"1"	"881060"	"Fortune & Gloria"	2018-07-24	9.99	"Action,Indie,Adventure,Casual,2D,Procedural Generation,Local Co-Op,Female Protagonist,Side Scroller,Co-op,Platformer,Shooter,Singleplayer,Difficult,Rogue-lite,Perma Death,Action-Adventure,Retro,Gore,Military"	"About This GameIn Fortune & Gloria play as Nate \"Fortune\" Cobb and Gloria Guerrero as they go on a mission to rescue hostages, take out the bad guys and blow stuff up in procedurally generated action platformer missions.Features:Solo Missions! Go it alone for extra challenge and test your mettle!Co-Op Missions! Grab a friend or have an AI ally follow you into action!Unlimited mission levels through procedural generationMultiple environment including desert, snow, urban, and moreFight multiple enemy groups like gangs, gun runners and terroristsShoot down enemy helicoptersBlow up enemy tanksBlast your way through the terrain to find your own pathGrab your trusty assault rifle, a handful of grenades, and get ready to be dropped off in the hot zone to rescue as many hostages as you can, taking out any enemies you encounter, before beating the boss and getting on the chopper heading off to the next mission."	"Posted: October 27, 2018This is a fun little game that you can easily complete achievements in and is also a great time killer. The graphics are good for a side scroller and the controls are very fluid. The levels are procedurally generated (randomized) and you can even play couch co-op with a friend. If you are looking for an easy and relaxing game, this is it!"
"2"	"262370"	"A.N.N.E"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Indie,Early Access,Action,Adventure,RPG"	"About This GameRUN. FLY. EXPLOREA.N.N.E is an exploration game blending fast paced platformer and flying (shmup) gameplay mechanics. A.N.N.E’s style is inspired by 8-bit and 16-bit era games; an anthology in pixels that will take you back to the early days of video games using modern technologies and a refined yet simple visual style. A handcrafted retro adventure on an epic scale.Story. In this world, robots live amongst humans. They are programmed to serve and follow strict laws…One of these laws states that robots infected with the love virus must be decommissioned. To prevent further spread of the virus they are disposed of on planet Gomi, a remote frozen world, where they are dismantled by the Federation guards, powerful robots that will let nothing stand in their way.After chasing them for many years you are finally within striking distance of the Federation space fleet. A violent asteroid shower and an threatens the federation fleet. This might just be the perfect time for a rescue attempt...Your mission is simple: retrieve A.N.N.E and escape.Features.-Explore on foot or at the command of your ship! Use both in order to find every pieces of your fallen companion; explore inside caves and ruins on foot or move heavy objects using your ship in order to access new areas.-Music by Basiscape, the studio of the legendary Hitoshi Sakimoto (FF Tactics, Radiant Silvergun, Vagrant Story, FF12...).-Explore a massive handcrafted world and fight more than 20 bosses!-25 possible weapon combinations and 5 abilities for a whole lot of possible loadouts.-Supporting keyboard and mouse, d-pad controllers, dual analogue controller aiming-A game for everyone; friendly options like (auto-aim and casual mode) ensures a more casual and less challenging experience for those who want to focus on exploration without having to worry about A.N.N.E’s challenging combat experience."	""
"3"	"256552"	"BR Class 31 Ochre Add-on Livery"	2009-01-01	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This Content*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab.  You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.  If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.British Railways’ ‘Pilot Scheme’ to replace steam traction saw 20 Type 2 diesel locomotives built by Brush Traction in 1957. These development locomotives were fitted with Mirrlees engines and had a top speed of 80mph, designed for mixed traffic workings on the Eastern Region. Midway through production, BR decided to extend the fleet, ordering a further 243 locomotives that entered service by the end of 1962. The main production locomotives were adapted slightly from their predecessors and underwent a programme of re-engineering in 1964 to replace the unreliable Mirrlees engines with higher rated, more powerful English Electric engines. The Class also made its way into other regions of the railway network, becoming a popular sight on both the Western and London Midland regions. This add-on livery pack presents the Class 31 in its golden Ochre livery.You must own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on before you will be able to use this add-on"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"4"	"340810"	"Deepworld"	2015-04-22	NA	"Early Access,Free to Play,Massively Multiplayer,Adventure,2D,Sandbox,Early Access,Action,RPG,Indie,Steampunk,Casual,Survival,Crafting,Multiplayer"	"About This GameDeepworld is a massively-multiplayer 2D crafting adventure game. Mine and craft your way through a persistent online universe where there's always something new to discover!Find your way through mountains, caves, and ruins filled with danger and reward, or venture into cities built by fellow players.Deepworld is always online in the cloud, so it's easy to hop on and play with your friends! Follow them in-game and easily find them when you play. Mine and craft hundreds of different items with Deepworld's easy inventory system. Place them anywhere in the world to build your very own cityscapes.Recover lost pieces of technology to build machines that restore the environment and make your world a more interesting place.Use different weapons and protective devices to fight monsters of the deep, mysterious automatons, and other players in PvP.Complete objectives to win achievements and earn XP and skill points, which can be used to beef up your character's dexterity, mining ability, and more."	"Posted: May 10, 2015Early Access ReviewA 2D sandbox free-to-play game with a very restrictive business model in which you have to pay real money to have your own world and unlock features.Better pay for Terraria.,Posted: December 21, 2016Early Access ReviewBiggest issue for me is that literally every world has been harvested to the point that walking will just result in you falling to your death, there's no ore or treasures, all that's left is the randomly generated and player made buildings.  And like others before me have said, you need to pay to make your own world.,Posted: April 23, 2015Early Access ReviewSo the game starts with a tutorial, so far so good, although I still have no idea what to do after the tutorial is over. After this things are going down hill. In order to find out what to do next I decided to open the crafting menu, only to discover that almost all items have a placeholder text and the few that don't also don't show any stats or useful info.Next you enter a world and start encountering enemies. Considering the bullets are almost invisible and there is no real feedback when you get damaged, you properly already lost half your health by the time you notice one is shooting at you. You decide to shoot back with invisible bullets, wondering if you hit the enemy, because they also don't show any feedback of being damaged. Not only that, but it also doesn't show how much health they have remaining or even how much damage you do. Eventually they disappear in thin air, because a death animation was too much work apparently.Continuing with the mining aspect you notice that you are not the first person to enter the world. It seems the world was around already for a long time and all treasures have already been looted. Continuing to dig down or jumping down holes other dug for you, you notice that at some point you are unable to continue mining. As this is a 'crafting adventure game' it seems logical to craft a better pickaxe, but instead you have to level up your mining level. By mining a lot you ask? No, by killing monster, so you get a skill point once you level up.This is the next problem in the game. You want to craft something with the ores you mined? A pickaxe? Level up tool making first. A weapon? Level up weapon making first. A bomb? Level up bomb making first. A healing potion? Even decoration? Yes, you get it, this is not a crafting game, but a leveling up game. Don't bother mining resources or hunting for treasure, just keep grinding monsters in this crappy combat system.I stopped playing at this point, so I don't know how the building system is, but from what I heard you need to pay to make anything worthwhile. Which is the next problem: micro-transactions. But I guess you already realized that, considering this game is 'free to play'.,Posted: June 22, 2015Early Access ReviewFirstly, I have experienced Deepworld for much much longer than it was on steam.Admittedly, the Steam version is a bit shoddy. That's because the game was originally on Mac and iOS and is currently in the process of being ported to Windows. (I usually play on V2 Mac.) But if you check the updates, the V3 Steam version is slowly but constantly getting better, catching up to its v2 counterpart. Additionally, some of the microtransactions mentioned in negative reviews are on the way out. There's no more skill cap and now everyone gets unrestricted access to all biomes.Anyway, I should tell a bit about what Deepworld is.Deepworld is an online multiplayer sandbox game. A notable aspect is the fact that every single server/world is linked together via world teleporters. This makes it easy to travel between worlds, to go mining, exploring, questing, building, and so on. You can build something cool and show it to your friends or the public, or you can visit other people's creations. There's a place for everything.The sandbox aspect means you can build whatever you can think of. Building materials are easy to aquire.Remember: Deepworld is always in development. It will improve over time as more content is added to the game.,Posted: December 11, 2016Early Access Review\"Deep\"world? More shallow than anything else.Expect to find a fully-mined and built-up world every place you port to.  When new worlds load (though much more infrequently than they should) expect an Oklahoma Sooner/California Gold Rush style emigration to♥♥♥♥♥♥the material resources as quickly as possible.I am an old hand at 4X/resource gathering/exploration/survival games... but I can't take this shameless microtransaction-based money grab.,Posted: September 2, 2015Early Access ReviewA lot of microtransactions, like, a lot. Reminds me of Terraria.You lose HP like it's nothing.\"Deepworld\" Anything but.. Within 30 minutes you can get to the bottom of the world.Then there are just other worlds, but none of them are deeper than the other, they just have different things.I don't think I mentioned you need to PAY for your own world, and if you want your items protected, better pay!If you don't pay for the best tools, enjoying spending a disgusting amount of time with these invincible blocks (Basically, an invisible wall, you can't destroy the blocks if you aren't a certain level, and it takes ages.),Posted: April 23, 2015Early Access ReviewDeepworld is unfortunately, not that deep. It is pretty much a Terreria clone and not that fun. A lot of things are locked behind this unbreakable barrier and it lacks the creativity that other voxel games bring to the board. I’m sorry, I cannot recommend it,Posted: February 4, 2016Early Access ReviewLove the gameThere are certain aspects which are lacking such as new content and bug fixes.The game was originally made for ios and works best on that platform as there are several things that dont work on the PC version.I like the gameplay and enjoy building and exploring with my gf.,Posted: July 4, 2017Early Access ReviewGame was truly a blast when it was in early development back in mobile but the game is slowly going away as the community scatters off to other games :(,Posted: April 22, 2015Early Access ReviewThere is a lot to love about this game. It's much like Terraria had a baby with the Steampunk genre.BUT microtransactions ruined the day.5/10 Needs less microtransactions."
"5"	"277843"	"RPG Maker VX Ace - Dungeons and Volcanoes Tile Pack"	2014-09-16	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentWhat's an adventure without some hidden places to explore? Dungeons & Volcanoes Tile Pack contains the basics you'll need to create a cave to explore, an inside of a volcano and a dungeon store room. Whether you're looking to building winding passages or simple open rooms, this pack includes details and personal touches that will make each map stand out.For more resource packs in this art style, check out the Royal Tilesets pack.This pack contains:Autotiles and tileset pieces for three distinct areas: Purple cave, volcano inside and a store room of a dungeonAnimated tile pieces, including a functioning furnace, torch, oil lamp and lavaDecorative tile details including a golden cannon, statue, well and armor racksRoyalty-free resources for use in commercial and non-commercial RPG Maker projects."	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,yes i am almost in the beta testing for my game and wondering how i can have friends beta test it without owning RPG maker...is there a way to do it?,Are you able to create a 3D style RPG like Legends of Grimrock with this software?If not does anyone know of a software that will?Thank you for any info you can give.,I want to make a cutscene that involves moving the camera separately to the player for a gag. if some one could help me with that i'll grateful. thanks!,Hey, I'm looking for a way to make a limit to how many enemies someone can encounter per map(Like in Undertale genocide.). I'd like it to be something like in the troops' event tabs it changes something, increasing by one, and will stop letting the player...,I'm looking to make the currency units in this US dollars. I know how to change G to $, but I want it to be like if you had 500 G you'd have $5.00 instead of $500, and having 50 G would be $0.50 instead of $50. Any help is greatly appreciated, and if ther...,Posted: May 3i don't think i've completed a single project yet but i am DETERMINED"
"6"	"903990"	"Fantasy Grounds - Mythic Monsters #34: Egypt (PFRPG)"	2018-07-18	7.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Turn-Based,Software,Fantasy,Utilities"	"About This ContentMythic Monsters #34: EgyptAncient Adversaries Awaken!Mythic Monsters: Egypt contains an assortment of amazing adversaries for your heroes, ranging from CR 4 to 17, starting with a squadron of sphinxes to confront your adventuring heroes from the hungry hunting hieracosphinxto the crass but clever criosphinxand the proud and noble androsphinx. Not all Egyptian monsters are adversaries, as honorable characters may find allies in the winged maftetand the wise two-headed uraeus. Others are every inch a menace, from hateful werecrocodilesand sinister shaand sacred shacarrying plagues in their wake to deadly scavenging scarab swarmsand giant scarabs. Of course, much of the Egyptian legendarium in popular and fantasy culture centers around tombs and ruins, and mummies are far from the only inhabitants of the necropolis, as elemental ahkhatsare literally a part of the buildings they guard, while mummified cursed kingsand eternally vigilant pharaonic guardiansguard their domains with jealous and zealous care. As if a dozen existing monsters were not enough, the vicious corpse-eating ammutssit in judgment on the dead and the damned. For heroes that want to embody that Egyptian vibe for themselves, this book also provides a mythic version of the treasure-hunting archaeologist bardand the legendary living monolithprestige class, anointed with a sacred stone by the ancient sphinx to serve as guardians extraordinaire.The Mythic Monsters series from Legendary Games brings you dynamic and exciting mechanics alongside evocative and cinematic new abilities that really help creatures live up to their flavor text, whether they are creatures of real-world myth and legend or creatures born out of the RPG tradition itself. These creatures can work just as well in a non-mythic campaign as they do in one that incorporates the full mythic rules, as you can throw them at your jaded players who think they've seen it all or know the standard monster stats as well as you do. That look of surprise and \"What was THAT?\" will warm any GM's heart.This all-new supplement by Jason Nelson, Alex Riggs, Mike D. Welham, and Jen Page is a terrific complement to the Mythic Monster Manual, with over 220 mythic monsters and an awesome array of monster-focused abilities, feats, and more for your Pathfinder game! Pick up both books today and Make Your Game Legendary!Converted by: Charles SuretteReleased on July 11, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.5 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"7"	"648111"	"RTK13WPK - Watercolor Painting Style Officer CG Set Shu 水彩画風武将CG 蜀セット"	2017-06-21	3.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentOfficer graphics for five officers of Shu done in Watercolor painting style will be added.▼Added Officers GraphicsLiu Bei/Guan Yu/Zhang Fei/Zhao Yun/Zhuge Liang▼To UseSelect \"EDIT OFFICER.\" Under \"EDIT HISTORICAL OFFICERS\" choose \"EDIT FACIAL GRAPHICS\" and select one of the applicable officers listed above. The available face graphics will appear. Choose the appropriate graphic from the Special tab. Following this, you will be able to use it in both MAIN and HERO MODES.※Valid only for \"ROMANCE OF THE THREE KINGDOMS XIII: Fame and Strategy Expansion Pack.\""	"My game just closes as soon as I go into a battle. I have a 2080 and 9700k any ideas?,imagine all the possible combinations, and all the alternate history.,My character currently has 3 wives, but I can't place them in his comrade slot. They simply do not appear. I can't even visit them, nor do they appear inside my house. How come?I did make my game have female officers only through events. Is that what's ...,Are Koei even working on this game or did they just published it and trashed it? I havent seen any updates.,The Pre-Aphla footage is from E3 on June 8.  It's still on early stage of game.  Check out the link belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQX6qBiCu9EThe new ambush gameplay in Total Wars:  Three Kingdoms on August.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIAY...,Posted: April 27Cannot wait for Total War: Three Kingdom on 23rd of May"
"8"	"912980"	"AstroViking - Soundtrack"	2018-08-10	NA	"Action,Indie,Soundtrack,Female Protagonist,Score Attack,Bullet Hell,Arcade,Anime,Great Soundtrack,Top-Down"	"About This ContentThis DLC includes all of the songs that appear in AstroViking in WAV format! Take the tunes from your alien slaying adventures on the go!Tracklist:1. AstroViking (Battle Theme)2. ChillViking (Off-Wave Theme)3. Pondering (Upgrade Screen Theme)4. Interloper (Boss Wave Theme)"	"We're back with more progress! After 7 months of work on this update, we're finally nearing the home stretch. So many things have been added by this point that this update might as well be a full on re-release of AstroViking.It’s taken a long time to get this far, and we’re very grateful for the your patience. Our core team is only 4 people, so major improvements take a huge amount of time to finish.Without further ado, here are the biggest new features we've added to the game: An all-new arena for classic mode, Niflheim! This arena will replace the old one. Instead of being boxed inside that abstract space area from the current Steam release, you'll be fighting on a blizzard-stricken frozen lake floating in outer space: The Expanse, a new area for completing tutorials and testing your weapons before moving into the actual combat arena: New VFX for the Vortex and Dash. Practically everything visual has been reworked throughout the game, but your abilities have been especially polished: New pause screen. Instead of just a black overlay with the word \"Paused\", we stepped it up a notch with a neat vaporwave visual effect which looks like a paused VHS tape. Add in some spicy visuals and we've got ourselves a really cool pause screen: A loading screen with randomly selected tips. Replacing our simple black loading screen is an actual stylized loading bar: Ragnarok mode rework. Ragnarok mode will be getting an easier unlock condition as well as a new arena specifically for it. The menu art for selecting Ragnarok mode is also pretty cool now: New skill tree. We've reworked the skill tree with the introduction of status ailments. From now on, you can simply jump into one of 6 paths, each with their own branches, right from the start. Now there's an EXPONENTIAL number of ways to build your character, and we've even introduced a progress bar to show you how close your run is to a \"maxed out\" character: FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT, FINALLY!. Yes, it's finally coming. The game is fully playable in every sense with a controller. Menus, equipment selection, gameplay, and even the leaderboard all support controller-based navigation. DualShock 4 controllers even have fully integrated LED support!Thank you guys for all of your support. This update will be out sometime soon, for real this time. Let us know what you think of the new content in the comment section, we'd love to hear from all of you.- The Artii Games Team,Hi,I am excited to try your new game. I noticed that the skill tree has a local-view to begin, but also has a zoomed-out view to see the entire tree.I looked at this and while it is zoomed out, the text boxes describing each skill/ability is also shru...,it's much more appealing. the one I see in the store page thumbnail now is ugly , imo. ( still bought the game, reviews seemed solid and the game looks fun ) ,As YQMaoski noted in his thread, man I was also expecting the game to feature short play sessions like TimeTekker, but it really works for this game, I had a lot of fun in my 50min first run, you guys did a great job.  I do have a few suggetions and thoug...,Does this game have support for xbox one controller?,Just looking to start a discussion: what are your favorite build paths for your upgrades, and what do you like about that playstyle?"
"9"	"816870"	"Kill 'Em All"	2018-05-31	2.99	"Indie,Action,First-Person,Singleplayer,Zombies,FPS"	"Reviews“Great game! Who doesnt love killing zombies and listen to awesome rock music?! Kill Em All provides amazing music and gameplay, a campaign that is very enjoyable, with objectives, huge maps, different scenery and talk about ALL THE GUNS! lots of guns to play and dominate with. My favorite so far has to be the minigun! just mow down zombies and create yourself a clear path to the objective! (careful though, minigun has a cooldown (;) overall this game is create and completely worth 5.99$ cannot wait to see what future patches they will bring to the game!”TimeReaper“this is a great game it is worth the money it is some damn good fps zombie shooting adventure i wish it had multiplayers put i love it the blocky style ♥♥♥♥ing cool”spacelord557,About This GameDeveloper’s Note: Yes, you have seen games here with similar looking graphics. Just check out the gameplay footage - you'll see the difference. We are a small indie studio and this little shooter game, born out of our passion for FPS games, is our humble tribute to those evergreen classics. Now let's have some fun killing zombies!Bored of cover shooters? This is not just another zombie shooter. With miles to run but no place to hide and plenty of zombies to kill. Awesome no?What’s the story bro?Just another ordinary day in the life of…Ka-boom! (cliched random explosion)Voila! Instant Zombie Apocalypse.Survive now, biatch!What’s in it for me?Campaign: Shoot through 10 mind-numbing, screen-shattering, keyboard-banging levels with a neat range of weapons that could probably annihilate the world as we know it. Can you complete them all? In time?Arcade: Survive through endless waves of flesh-eating zombies who don't stop and keep on coming. The faster and aggressive you are, the better. As you progress, you’re rewarded with weapon upgrades and ammo drops. The zombies keep on increasing - in number, in speed and damage! Question is, will you survive it all?Hidden Gems: There are easter eggs, big and small, hidden across the levels. Do they serve a purpose? Yes! It’s for us to know and for you to find out! Get busy hunting! >Not-Tip: You Will Die. Die A Lot!“I Need More!”Sure, here’s what’s in store for you:Arcade Maps;Multiplayer Mode;\"Be-the-Zombie\" Mode;Controller Support;DLCs.So whatcha waiting for buddy? Go Kill ‘em All! (but first give us your money, ok? wink! wink!) :)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------AppRoarr StudiosAppRoarr Studios is an Indie Game Company founded by Jaskaran Singh based in New Delhi, India. We aspire to become a leader in first-person shooters for the Indian Game Industry.Support/DisclaimerYou may encounter a few bugs/issues, some of which may be intentional and can act as exploits. But still, do let us know. Feel free to send us any sort of feedback your heart desires - we love players who are polite & constructive. You can reach us at hello@approarr.com."	"Posted: November 21, 2018enjoyable game, has great music & story. just needs multiplayer and it'll be decent.,Posted: June 15, 2018This game is extremely fun and has a lot of potential to be a great game in my book. I think if you guys plan to try to add multiplayer intergration, you'll have a fun game that people will enjoy playing all the time! (Maybe a BR/ Co-op Survival/TDM Type Multiplayer modes).,Posted: June 20, 2018Fun game totally worth it.,Posted: June 2, 2018this is a great game it is worth the money it is some damn good fps zombie shooting adventure i wish it had multiplayers put i love it the blocky style ♥♥♥♥ing cool,Posted: June 12, 2018Fun to play!! Brings back some good memories of playing classic FPS games (Doom, Wolfenstein, etc.) :) :)Here's what I like: gameplay is simple and fast - no fuss! Just Run & Gun! So many weapons! Music's cool and enchances the gameplay. Achievement badges are fun to earn and have cool names, some paying homage to cult movie/ games characters (the developers have some wit!)My tips: Stay in one place (without an ammo dump nearby) and you will die...many...many...many times! Watch out for crawling zombies - they come at you fast. Know where ammo/ health dumps are at. Higher ground is safer ground. Got a classic kick out of playing this one!!,Posted: May 31, 2018Great game!Who doesnt love killing zombies and listen to awesome rock music?! Kill Em All provides amazing music and gameplay, a campaign that is very enjoyable, with objectives, huge maps, different scenery and talk about ALL THE GUNS! lots of guns to play and dominate with. My favorite so far has to be the minigun! just mow down zombies and create yourself a clear path to the objective! (careful though, minigun has a cooldown (;)overall this game is create and completely worth 5.99$ cannot wait to see what future patches they will bring to the game!,Posted: December 6, 2018Product received for freeRuined my CPU.,Posted: August 31, 2018this game is great but the amount of bugs is unbarable. there so many places to get stuck, a lot of things it looks like you can go through but invisible walls, no kill stats or any stats, no reason to replay the game. really big shame because its a lot of fun"
"10"	"458740"	"OPUS: The Day We Found Earth Original Soundtrack"	2016-04-22	6.99	"Indie,Adventure"	"About This ContentThe original soundtrack from the award-winning game OPUS: The Day We Found Earth. Listen through 21 masterfully written songs, extra tracks included. All tracks are in MP3 format.Track List:1. Terrestrial2. Azure3. Lisa4. Invisible5. Quasar6. Mu7. Nebulae8. Galaxy9. Z410. H.A.L11. Revive12. Hope13. Found14. Tone15. For16. Beyond ft. Nicholas17. The Day We Found EarthBonus Tracks:1. Beyond (instrumental)2. Beyond (piano)3. Weber4. DopplerFX"	"I just go into the game,  where Emeth wakes up, and immediately my camera darts downwards, and refuses to go up. When i go into the telescope mode, it drifts to the right. Has anyone else had this issue and have a solution? This game is unplayable like th...,dawned on me after 2 hours with zero achievements.  Playing \"normal\" not story mode, it this making the difference?,Noticed there was no price on the store for this game. I'm an Australian user. Is it that this game is no longer for sale, is not available in Australia, or that the game has no price set for AUD? Or am I missing something?,Help me I can't solve it.How can I clear the hidden achievement.,Do you guys ever think another OPUS Game would be possible, and if so, would it take place in the future or past of the current timeline?In my opinion I'd love to see where they end up,Posted: May 4It's a good game, and is worth a playthrough, but for all the awards it has won?  No.  For all the incredibly positive feedback?  Not at all.  After reading reviews and getting my hopes up, the game was unfortunately lacking in many areas and was extremely repetitive.  The story, unlike the reviews I read, was not nearly as engaging as I'd expected.  The story was interesting, but the only time you experience the story is during cut scenes, and those can be pretty far between.  Even when they do appear, they are often dissapointing.  This may be unfair, as I went into the game with high expectations, but it's my honest evaluation.  Worth playing, but don't expect anything amazing."
"11"	"716770"	"Exorder"	2018-03-19	12.99	"Strategy,Indie,Turn-Based Tactics,Turn-Based Combat,Tactical,Turn-Based Strategy,Competitive,Casual"	"Reviews“A great turn based strategy that has the soul of Advance Wars mixed with swords and magic. Along with the entertaining campaign the multiplayer is a blast and with both online and offline modes will keep you entertained for a long time.”8/10 – The Digital Fix“I enjoyed it very much. Cartoon, ironic, bright colors, funny characters...”8.1/10 – Stint Up“...simple and fun game with some challenge and very charismatic graphics.”VGBR,features12 fantasy missions in the single-player campaign.8 intense challenge maps.Cross platform global online multiplayer.10+ unit types with unique skills.In-game achievements,About This GameThe kingdom of Cerulean needs a new ruler! The king has died, leaving two siblings Princess Beyla and Prince Tristan to compete for the crown. As potential allies and enemies gather, who will be victorious and ultimate ruler of the Cerulean Kingdom?Under a fantasifull exterior of colorful art lies a cleverly designed tactical system. Outsmart your opponents by understanding the power of your troops and lead your armies to victory! A solid entry into the turn-based tactics genre that focus on fun and easy to pick up combat, while offering a complex layer of strategy for those looking for more.Follow Princess Beyla in a singleplayer epic containing 12 missions across a fantasy kingdom with three neighbouring countries. Get acquainted with the skills needed to successfully command a roster of Exorder's quirky units.In Multiplayer Mode you can choose between online matchmaking and casual skirmish. Fight against randomly selected players of a similar skill level. Defeat your enemy to climb up global leaderboard! Or casually create a custom multiplayer game for up to 4 players, either offline or online.Exorder provides a solid entry in the underrepresented genre of turn-based tactics games that focus on fun and easy to pick up combat. The game was developed  by Solid9 Studio, a team of composed of three talented developers. We hope you enjoy Exorder!"	"Posted: March 27, 2018TL;DR:A fairly standard and enjoyable tactical strategy game in a colorful and stylish wrapper. If you liked games like Vandal Hearts, you will probably like Exorder.*****************************************************Recommendation:☑  This experience is worth buying at full price.☐  Wait to buy when it's on sale.☐  Wait for improvements before buying.☐  Save your money.*****************************************************How the game is played:A concise storyline keeps the player moving right into the action with minor \"tutorial moments\" that are integrated into the adventure. Heroes and enemies take turns in phases for movement, captures, escapes, attacks, and counterattacks. Successfully complete each battle map's win conditions to move forward through the story and into increasingly challenging scenarios.Win conditions: Hero must survive *and* capture, protect, escort, or defeat objectives.What I like about Exorder:+ Charming and colorful art style. The environments pop.+ Original monster designs.+ Nice character animations.+ Recruit additional reinforcements mid-battle.+ Reminiscent of Shining Force/Fire Emblem enemy phases/movement and Vandal Hearts mid-battle dialogues.+ Good variations of map objectives to keep battling fresh.+ Option to save your game mid-battle to finish up later.+ Option to restart level when things go badly.+ Music & sound effects are top notch.+ Mousewheel to zoom in & out of the action.+ Controller support.+ Touchscreen mode.Neutral:=/~ Main character's voice acting is very good but even-toned. It sounds like she is reading vs speaking to the player.Room for improvements:- Pushing an ally into or through an enemy should do at least some damage to the enemy hit and/or push them back.- While the music is fantastic, it could be more \"urgent\" and invoke a greater sense of excitement for the player.- Please add an \"Undo\" option for when you move your characters to an unintended position.- Please add the ability to change settings when in battle maps, not just the main menu.- World map selection arrow graphic needs to stand out more. Gold, orange, neon green, etc, would stand out more than white.- World map could use some ambient sound effects added to give it a \"living environment\" quality.- I would like to be able to rotate the battle maps.Other thoughts:Overall, this is a fun, engrossing, and professionally made turn-based strategy RPG. I've always enjoyed tactics games like Exorder, they keep me captivated and focused like when I am playing a game of Chess.Check out my other reviews!  :)https://steamcommunity.com/id/sklurb/recommended/,Posted: March 20, 2018A solid  (9 he he)  tactical game  with a light-hearted setting, pleasant graphics and firm gameplay core.There are plenty of ways to go through the campaign missions - the achievements are sort of a built-in challenges to find another play style or experiment with the map which is nice.I have to try out the multiplayer but the campaign alone is decent enough for people who enjoy a turn based not overly-complicated games ;),Posted: April 14, 2018Meh. The scenarios feel like puzzle solving rather than strategy.The price is outrageous.I would recommend Into the Breach, for a much more fleshedout game with superior difficulty.,Posted: March 19, 2018For $20 (-20% on release!) you get:-rather tough and really entertaining strategy game-fun and longish single player campaign-hilarious multiplayer-really cool graphics-hidden Gorillaz jokes (yes, I noticed)Plus the game was made by 3 people as core team. Respect!,Posted: June 29, 2018To be updated, but TLDR right now: A more broken bloody campaign you'll have to search for!The game itself is okay even if it can be considered basic at best, but the campaign? Everything is turned against you, literally, every mission is not a bloody strategy, it's a god damned puzzle game where if you put a single unit wrong, or did something in the wrong order, or even didn't know the game would spawn random ♥♥♥♥ing enemies out of nowhere that would make your disadvantage even greater, YOU BETTER START OVER THAN M8 BECAUSE ♥♥♥♥ YOUThis campaign isn't there to prepare you for multiplayer, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing JOKE.,Posted: March 19, 2018Product received for freeSolid9 and Fatdog thank you so much for allowing me to beta test this game.    Lots of patchs and hard work went into the making of this great Indie titleIts not easy.  It takes a bit of trial and error to get through each scene.   Dont expect to smoke through this game!  Gameplay is turn based and lots of humor along the way as this does have a storyline as well. I have yet to test multi player but Im looking forward to it.,Posted: March 19, 2018This game has a lot of potential. Hopefully will be developed in the future.Art style reminds me good old Warcraft 3. Gameplay is pretty nice and simple. Probably would be successfull as a mobile game.I would introduce some simple character progression to add more depth during the matches.,Posted: August 26, 2018My review of Exorder only covers the campaign and the mechanics contained therein.  Unlike several other reviewer, I did not find the game too difficult, or too punishing for early mistakes.   Because \"occupying\" houses grants funds every round (and killing enemies grants funds as well), I was always able to recover after enemy reinforcements surprised me, I made a mistake (an undo last move button would be very welcome), or the rules of a new character class weren't immediately clear.I also disagree with another review that stated \"aside from some interesting unit abilities, there's nothing to really set it apart from other turn based strategy games\".  In fact, the unique feeling is why I chose to recommend this game.  Unlike most grid-based tactical games, where the maps are relatively small, this campaign features large maps with many choke points, and I really enjoyed operating several different groups of soldiers in different \"theaters\" of the battle, and deciding where to reinforce and when to tactically retreat.  Overall, the game lost some points for me with UI issues (especially since the campaign felt pretty short, not having tooltips for basic mechanics was a big oversight- it took me quite a while to figure out that grass costs 2 movement points, or that standing in trees gives a defensive bonus).  At first I also though the AI was pretty good (I've done a bit of tactical AI programming in Unity on my own, so I know how hard it can be), but then the enemy just wouldn't stop blowing itself up with those stupid bomb mercenaries.  I only used them in dire situations, but the enemy threw them at me in spades, usually to their own detriment.The VO was a nice touch for an indie game, though a bit dry.  The prologue/epilogue narrative just made me feel like I was always skipping an \"episode\" in this story, though, because after a mission an epilogue would play, then there'd be a time-skip to the next prologue.I didn't experience any bugs in the game.  I got the game on sale for half off, and that felt about right to me.  I feel like the game could have been better, but that it's still a worthwhile experience.  It's not a \"hidden gem\" but I picked it up after playing the demo, and it actually got much better from there, so I'm happy with it.,Posted: August 25, 2018This game is actually somewhat good, but mission 6 where you have to save the queen makes it impossible to complete the game.,Posted: April 2, 2018Product received for freeEXORDER:~~~~~~~~  The King of Cerulean has passed away suddenly leaving the throne to his next of kin. It would be easy if there were no siblings, but in this particular case the king had two children, the Princess Beyla and the Prince Tristan. As the rules of the land of Cerulean demand, only one of them can be crowned. Therefore they must duel each other and the winner will be pronounced either King or Queen of Cerulean.  If you want my opinion, this is a rule that can lead to disastrous friction between brothers or sisters. What’s next in EXORDER?EXORDER is a turn-based strategy game where you’ll be taking control of the Princess Beyla in the single player campaign. There are other modes available such, as skirmish and multiplayer. As soon as the game is launched, you’ll be presented with a cartoonish introduction which will lay out the fundamentals of the story. From here you have the choice to select which mode you’d like to play. Personally, I always play the campaign first before jumping into a multiplayer game. This way I can familiarise myself with the units and maps, and most importantly, avoiding a nasty defeat! The first mission is the duel between the princess Beyla (who reminds me of Lagertha Lothbrok, from the Vikings for some reason), and the Prince Tristan, who has an Elvis Presley hairdo. It’s basically a small tutorial. There are 12 missions in total in the campaign where you’ll have to complete tasks such as eliminating all enemies from the map, capturing castles, escorting a spy, surviving an assault and freeing Lagertha. . . sorry, Beyla! All maps are pretty compact with beautiful colour in this fantasy world, which includes a certain number of structures. Each side has one castle (maximum of two castles later on in the campaign) where you can buy units; these castles must be defended at all costs. If you lose your castle or if Beyla dies, the mission is over. There is another structure, the tavern, where you can purchase mercenary units as long as one of your units is within its proximity. The houses are probably the most important buildings in each map. You must capture them to regenerate income. However, only a few units are able to capture them. The house has another purpose too; it can regenerate a small amount of health per turn to a damaged unit. The other way to get a damaged unit back to its full health is to stand next to a fountain, and let me tell you they can be crowded as both sides are gathering for the holy water!  Beware the Ballista, especially if an enemy unit is behind the trigger as they will inflict massive damage to any unit. The gameplay is what you would expect for this genre of game. First, you select a unit and it will display the tiles that it can move to. If the tiles are on pavement, your soldier will be able to move further than if the tiles are throughout the forest for example, which makes sense. Then you have the melee unit, where you must be on your opponent’s closest tile to perform an attack. A couple of long range units, some need to be two tiles away to activate an attack and others must be between 5 to 6 tiles to do so. Hail the mighty Beetles (not the band, in this instance)!  There is a small numbers of units available to you in EXORDER, but they are really fun and have interesting skills. Apart from Lagg…Beyla, my favourite unit has to be the Illusionist - what a splendid unit!  It looks like a red turtle with a staff, and can duplicate another of your units on the battlefield at no extra cost, and fires spells too. Difficulty-wise, it is on a progressive system and it is well-balanced.I haven’t had a chance to play a game online as yet due to the fact that I could not find another opponent. I would imagine it to be really similar to the skirmish. Graphically the game looks really good and the animations are fluid. In terms of the interface, it’s easy to use.   My only concern here is the price point. It would have been fabulous to have three campaigns instead of one in the single player mode, as we have three factions in the story.  We could have had one with Beyla, one with Tristan and the other with the Federation of Clans with 6 to 8 missions in each. Apart from that this is a good game.Positives:~~~~~~~ +Great artworks+Fun units with interesting skills+Single player, Skirmish and multiplayer modes+Fun to play+AchievementsNegatives:~~~~~~~~ -Needed more content for the asking price-No trading cards as yet.EXORDER is a well-executed turn-based strategy game with fun units and compact maps! 7/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG![www.zeepond.com]FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERESUBSCRIBE TO THE CPT FROGGY YOUTUBE CHANNEL"
"12"	"574330"	"Mac Exporter"	2017-04-24	49.99	"Utilities,Animation & Modeling,Education,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentTake your Clickteam Fusion 2.5 project to new heights by publishing it to the Mac App Store with the new Mac Exporter. Using our amazing set of creation tools, Clickteam Fusion 2.5 and Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Developer. Create your content using our drag and drop visual interface and intuitive event editor, then with a touch of a button our tools will build an Mac Application, Mac xCode, or Mac .ccm project for you, ready to be moved to your mac to compile or test.Required: To test the exporter standalone applications you must own a Mac with OSX 10.9 (Mavericks) or greater.  You can also output a Mac Xcode project with a precompiled runtime so that you can change Xcode settings, for example for code signing before submitting to the Apple Mac App Store. A Mac Developer account ($99 per year on developer.apple.com) for signing and distributing your applications in the App Store is required. Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Steam or Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Developer Steam and the exporter work on Windows PC only.Please be aware that this exporter add-on will only work with a full version of Fusion 2.5 - you will not be able to install it against a demo, limited or free version of any of these software titles."	"Fusion 2.5+ DLC is now Available on Steam!https://store.steampowered.com/app/1056780/Clickteam_Fusion_25_Addon/Clickteam Fusion 2.5+ enhances your existing copy of Clickteam Fusion 2.5 Standard or Developer (for PC or Mac) by providing some very powerful additional features and improving functions in several places.Access the power of event editor with even more ease using child events in your projects, qualifiers in global events, customizable qualifiers and a global event list editor.Improve the performances of your applications with new engine optimizations and a new Windows runtime using DirectX 11.Debugging your application has never been easier with the addition of new features like the built in profiler that allows you to examine the time taken by each event line of your application. The resulting output allows you to detect any bottleneck in your events and optimize your application’s frame rate. Or the new Find All function that searches your entire application for your search criteria and provides a new output window with the results. Find what you are looking for in the list, click it to jump directly there!,I would like to create a program for windows, that's not shaped like a typical square. Instead I would like to use a custom shape. So.. how do I do this? For example: I drew this silhouette of a cat and I want the program to be shaped like said cat: htt...,Clickteam web shop does not support my country, what i need to do?,The build 292 is (at last) available. Sorry for the delay for this update, we've been extremely busy and releasing an update in the middle of the changes we were making was not easy. Important notes - Due to the numerous changes that have been ma...,i installed android studio,i linked the directorys to the right paths....what am i doing wrong x.xDownloading https://services.gradle.org/distributions/gradle-4.10.1-all.zipException in thread \"main\" java.net.UnknownHostException: services.gradle.org...,I have a problem. I've made a function to open images and display them, but the problem is to scale the images to the whole window and keep aspect ratio without cut. I already have a simple formula for it. The image is scaled to (window height / image he..."
"13"	"862500"	"Talos VR"	2018-01-01	2.99	"Action,Adventure,Simulation,Casual,VR"	"About This GameAfter the difficulty in the exploitation of the petrochemical resources, the human beings developed the solar energy, and developed the solar engine--Helios and the robot based on this design--Phaethon. In order to deprive more of the ground to build solar energy mining devices, Mr.Kreimir creates an unprecedented tactical system - Talos, Talos can quickly imitate, learn and analyze the behavior of the opponent, in order to achieve the purpose of rapid occupation of resources, exploitation and protection. In order to compete for more resources and territories, conflicts broke out. Although the Convention did not use nuclear bombs during the war, all countries turned their Phaethon into semi-automatic military type and entered the war. The ongoing war led to Talos's internal artificial intelligence that wanted to keep a permanent guard and exploitation of the resources, so that human beings should be cleaned up, so Talos was constantly sending out robots--Golem, to destroy humans."	"Posted: June 15, 2018First of all, hi everyone, I got this game for 2.40€ just out of curiosity.Now about the game...I'll start with the misleading installation size. Its not 70GB, its 0.7GB. The content is as expected.Fun fact, the game shows compatibility with oculus only, but in the menus it shows the controller's functions on a vive controller.Now the touch controllers... are used as buttons. Oh and center the view. The movement control is non-exstant, sort of railed shooter type.The targeting is done with the head. There is an always out of focus crosshair to help you shoot and give you a headache in the process, as a bonus. Also, if you shoot with both guns (one controller, one button), the projectiles hit each other before reaching the enemy, so you have to pull the 2nd trigger with a small delay.The sound in the game, I cannot tell because there wasn't any. For some reason everything was silent.I ONLY played the first level, fighting some pathetic walkers with glitching legs, and once I reached the immaginary finish line, the game froze displaying \"victory\" on the top side of the hud.IMO, keep away. I'm uninstalling.,Posted: June 15, 2018I guess the game is good, just not for me. I have to downvote the game because it's on rails while being very rough around the edges. After having played the awesome War Robots VR demo which wasn't properly funded into the full game I was curious in trying this that I became disappointed once I found out it was very rough around the edges as well as on rails.  The whole \"on rails\" killed it. I could have tolerated the aiming from the head and the shooting, yet the linear gameplay.... So annoyed by that. If you're going to keep updating the game I may come back to change my negative into a positive.... Until then I'd rather suggest War Robots VR. Sorry!"
"14"	"858500"	"Skelli Tower Defense"	2018-06-01	1.99	"Action,Indie,Casual,Strategy"	"About This GameBuild towers and defend your lands from a horde of undead miscreants! Three modes of difficulty, including one made with kids in mind (age 5+), and a challenge mode where you must defend your castle while strategically placing your defenses.  Do you have what it takes to defeat Red Skelli and his army? Features:Kid Mode - An easy mode made especially for kids. You start the game with loads of gold, and enemies move at half speed.Normal Mode - You will have access to three different types of towers of varying strengths and costs. As you defeat enemies, you earn gold. You must survive 30 waves of increasingly harder enemies to save your kingdom. The key to victory lies in placing the right towers, in the right place, at the right time.Challenge Mode - Here you will face a two-pronged assault. While building your tower defenses along the main road, you must also defend your keep. Undead will constantly approach from the south and assault your castle. Deal with them swiftly, for if ye olde castle takes too much damage, you will be defeated. You will need quick reflexes, a sound strategy, and a bit of luck to survive."	""
"15"	"296360"	"Natural Selection 2 - Kodiak Pack"	2014-05-01	4.99	"Action,Strategy,Indie,FPS,RTS"	"About This ContentWelcome to Kodiak Station. Lush, thick vegetation dominate the large and open biospheres running down a central ravine. Hangar bays, water production areas, asteroid tracking centers, and more branch off from that ravine. The dense foliage of the biospheres provides ample hiding places for Skulks and other alien lifeforms.Natural Selection 2 player 'Loki' created Kodiak, and published it in the Natural Selection 2 Steam Workshop. Now, it is officially part of the game, and 50% of the profits from every Kodiak Pack sold here on Steam go directly to Loki.Kodiak Camouflage Marine Armor (Male & Female)Kodiak Camouflage Marine RifleKodiak Camouflage ExosuitKodiak Camouflage SkulkKodiak Marine Shoulder PadTo fight among the thick vegetation found on Kodiak Station, TSF marines need new visual camouflage. These new armors may be worn in any game of Natural Selection 2, on any map, but are only available to Kodiak Pack owners.Both male and female marines receive Kodiak Armor, and a Kodiak Rifle. They may choose to also wear the Kodiak Shoulder Pad to show off their bravery fighting among the trees, rivers, and brush of Kodiak.Exosuits also get the Kodiak camouflage! Try hiding one of these hulking mechs in the trees...And speaking of trees, Skulks can also choose a Kodiak camouflage skin - Their green glowing eyes a dead giveaway that they are adapted for hunting through the forest.A new player customization menu allows you to choose from all your purchased armor, lifeform and weapon options. This includes Deluxe Edition, Reinforcement Program, Special Edition, and of course the new Kodiak Pack!"	"What has build 327 Unearthed? A lot actually! This new update to NS2 includes a new map, changes to existing maps, new skins, new models, new sounds and new gameplay and balance changes. All told the changelog for build 327 came to be 10+ pages once we included everything. There is so much in this update to sink your teeth into, read ahead for all the details or just jump in game and figure out all the changes in battle. People playing on the new map Unearthed will receive a new alien commander skin and if you like that you might also check out our Catalyst DLC Pack, which has many other skins and now includes a new Sandstorm skin for the updated machine gun model. Remember all sales of NS2 and DLC directly affect our development budget and allow our team to continue work on NS2.Click here to see the full changelog[unknownworlds.com] and all the goodies contained within.Follow the NS2 Development Roadmap[trello.com] to see our plans for future updates.,For those who missed it, the link: https://unknownworlds.com/ns2/build-327-balance-patch-notes/Now, the problem I have: They're moving tunnel creation for Aliens to the commander role, making them into fleshy phase gates, and placing a limit on the numb...,Please please people stop posting a million \"is the game alive\" threads every week.Thank you admins for the recent FAQ, but honestly I expect a million threads to STILL pop up about this!  Maybe if people bump this thread it can help even more...  since...,just wondering ,Posted: April 28Most underrated game out there,Posted: April 28Please note this is my first review and I'll keep it short. Its one of the best competitive games I have ever played blending RTS and FPS together very well, If you are willing to invest alot of time into this game to get your rank (skill level) up you will never look back however,  the only negative for me and seemingly everyone else's problem is the player base, you might have seen that most people are not happy with the people who play this game, I am not talking about skill level because thats fine, what I'm talking about is how the player base is the worst ive ever had to play with, way more toxic then rainbow 6, call of duty or any other game. High ranks will treat you so badly ( wont use the terminology they do) and even lower ranks just because they want everyone to play they do, players will also abuse each other non stop just for the sake of it, I have never seen adults act like such 10 year old fortnite players. second playing as commander ( the RTS side of the game) you will be blamed 100% of the time for game loses, even if you are really good such as pumping out upgrades really fast, dropping gates ( teleporters) in the best places, if your team loses even if the team is obviously just under skilled they will scream at you because they cannot accept they lost a game. If you have the best commander in the game with a rookie team you will lose 100% of the time, if you have the worst commander and the best team you will win almost all the time. its simple logic that 99% of the player base does not understand. To sum it up this is an amazing game that is being played by the most undeserving player base I have ever seen, buy and play at your own risk.,ye, so i am level 103 currently skill tier veteran and my level seems to be stuck.It says 13924/5000 and does not level up,Posted: April 28God I had forgotten about this game, came back to it and a lot has changed (for the better imo). Really great asymmetrical fps/rts.,To be specific it runs as in boots up but actually in game its like a slide show? unplayable.. No idea why.Core i5 2500 3.3ghz16 gb ramGTX 1060 6gbWeird as because much more powerful games run smooth as."
"16"	"1027080"	"Wall To Wall"	2019-02-21	0.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This GameWhen you play Wall to Wall you will find a game with very simple mechanics and gameplay, easy to understand for everyone, and a very strong and effective style, in addition to how the game works.The goal in Wall to Wall is to bounce the ball on one wall, and go to the other wall and do the same, each rebound will be a point in the total score of that game. A very simple mechanicsThe difficulty lies in several keys:-The bounces of the ball and its movement are difficult to handle 100%-There will be spikes on the walls every time you touch one, you can even get a spike just in the play you have hit, therefore, you must be very quick of reflexes.Some features:-Good style and simple graphics-Easy to understand gameplay-Total score, you can beat your best scores!-Fast and adictive gameplay"	""
"17"	"657080"	"Project Taurus"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Indie,Casual,Action,Racing,Early Access"	"About This GameProject Taurus is an arcade racing game crafted in a voxel art-style designed around a group multiplayer experience. Built with the idea of playing with a small group of friends, you can all jump in easily together, play against each other, strangers, AI or even on the same screen! Split screen support allows you to play with friends on the same screen from the comfort of your own living room, chairs are overrated anyway.With several game modes ranging from a standard race to a demolition derby, constant entertainment is guaranteed. Even if you have only 5 minutes, you can launch up the game and have fun without the need for commitment. Practice against AI in singleplayer, or exclusively play against them. Taurus is yours to make your own. Play it how you want, when you want and with whoever you want.Add your own taste to your vehicles with car customisation, didn’t you always think your bright pink Tiny looks even better with a spoiler? Let’s not forget the skull that you’ve kept hidden away for all those years, that’ll look brilliant on the front. Add your own tastes and let other people bask in your hideous/beautiful creation.Built for fun over realism, the gameplay represents both a charming and enjoyable experience. Crashing into friends with an insanely powerful car pinging them miles off is all part of the game, and something intended. Realism is out of the window, fun takes full view. Singleplayer & Multiplayer Car Customisation - get that green coloured car your heart has always desired Races and Demolition Derbies Arcade drving mechanics - drifting, crashing into other cars and claiming victory with your friends in smoke behind you Controller support Modding - Share your creations on the workshopPlanned Features - To be developed throughout Early Access Tournaments and more fun game-modes Custom Game Modes via Scripting A library of cars, and modifications to go with them"	""
"18"	"751870"	"Chopper Battle New Horizon"	2017-11-25	9.99	"Action,Simulation"	"About This GameEscape your opponents with avidly daring maneuvers and become a hunter, who knows no mercy! Fight against your enemies in dramatic 3D air battles, experience the detailed environment of the battlefields, experience thrilling missions and dive into the action of air combat. Six different helicopters from three different countries (D, USA, Russia) are waiting to be taken to the battlefields. Face hostile pilots, marine units or the heavily armored ground forces. Embark on a mission that requires all your flying skills!- 18 challenging campaign levels- Free play with 7 maps and 3 missions each- Smart AI opponents- Awards in the form of medals for every level and difficulty- Difficulties: easy, normal, hard, very hard- Elaborate 3D graphic design: high-resolution ground textures; breathtaking particle effects; lovingly designed building models and much more. (3D vegetation, post effects, realistic water)"	"Posted: January 19, 2018I tried to fly this and the chopper crashes within 5 seconds?? Im not sure how to stop this, so I cant play the game at all. I have tried different manouvers flying low and turning but it explodes which tends to make it boring as it dosnt help you or tell you how to hover or fly safetely except to remain below a certain height. I didnt even intend to buy this game some how it was in my checkout when I purchased another game. If I can get the patience to try to work out how to fly it with out crashing andhaving to restart every five seconds maybe I will be able to write something positive."
"19"	"306260"	"Selknam Defense"	2014-07-25	4.99	"Strategy,Tower Defense,Indie,Action,Adventure"	"About This GameJoin in a quest to change one civilization’s fate in this award-winning tower-defense/RTS hybrid game inspired by true events. Travel back almost 200 years to defend the Selknam people of South America against European colonization. Lead archers, mages and other warriors to fight off waves of attack in the dense forests, freezing tundra and lands you call home. Battle soldiers, pirates and other new-world foes to unlock powerful upgrades and customize your defensive strategy.Selknam Defense is more than an exceptional strategy game. It’s a gateway to the past that puts a nation’s destiny into your control. Do you have the skills to alter history and save the Selknam?24 levels across 4 lands, each requiring innovative and unique defense strategies to defeatStunning and vibrant artwork that brings the game’s narrative to life. 4 heroic Selknam defenders with powerful upgrades and abilities to tailor your defense7 enemy types, from soldiers to pirates, each with their own skillsBonus stage with an epic boss battle for successfully completing campaign modeSurvival mode to test your defense strategies’ endurance15 achievementsKeyboard and mouse or Xbox 360 controls"	"Posted: July 25, 2014A functional but rather mediocre tower defense game. The units are all pretty standard: warriors, archers, healers, etc. They can be leveled up in between battles, but this simply improves their stats; they gain no new abilities. You can also unlock new types of units with slightly different abilities. You level up and unlock units with stars. After each battle, you get 1-3 stars, depending on how well you did. However, you only get these stars once for each battle. So once you've gotten three stars, there's no reason to ever replay earlier battles. The gameplay is disappointingly simplistic. You cannot level up units during a battle or use \"spells\" to directly damage or slowdown enemies, etc.; you simply place your units and hope for the best.  Moreover, the terrain has very little influence on battles, and you cannot create mazes to delay the enemies. In addition, some enemies are frustratingly unfair, such as bombers who can take out all of your units in one hit, leaving you without any way to defend yourself. There are also some annoying flaws in the units' AI. For example, healers will heal other units rather than themselves, even when they themselves are close to death, so they often end up dead when you need them the most. And sometimes they'll just stop healing units all together for no apparent reason.  All in all, while there is some simple fun to be had here, it's a lackluster game overall, and there are far better similar games, such as Defender's Quest: Valley of the Forgotten, Kingdom Rush, or Prime World: Defenders.,Posted: August 6, 2014Fun little tower defense game. However, it is quite \"child-like\" and any adults looking for more than a \"distraction\" won't find much.It's an easy experience, fun and mind-numbing when you need it to be. It's definitely not something to get jazzed up about, but it's worth it for $5 or less.,Posted: December 2, 2014It's a Tower Defense Game.Kinda reminds me of Plants vs. Zombies Adventures, before they canned the game.The controls are a bit clunky: when you assign a movement command to one of your Selknams, it will commit to the move before you can reassign another move.So in other words: if you misclick, you're boned.A feature that would be helpful would be to label the units upon purchase, especially the caster type \"towers\".Just because a caster has his eyebrows angry, or two points on his hat, etc., isn't the best way to distinguish the Selknam.  Adding a hover-over label would be simple and to the point. (Because they look too similar)Some of the Dialogue between the Europeans and the Selknam are hidden behind the character portraits: a minor detail, but one that needs to be polished, nonetheless.All in all, it does the job, but I wouldn't purchase it for $9.99.Doesn't look like there's a lot of replay value to the game: I think once I flip this game and unlock all of the achievements, I probably won't play it again.The graphics and style of play are... cute, to say the least.It's an OKAY title at best.If you're looking for a fun, quick way to kill time, then go for it.Otherwise, spend your money elsewhere.,Posted: March 1, 2015Far too basic and unpolished...Selknam defence is a basic tower defence game made by Bad Games (no Pun intended).There isn't much story in the game. Basically, you play as the 'Selknam', a tribe, who has to defend their homeland from the invaders.Gameplay is basic tower defence. The objective in the campaign is to protect your village from attack. Your village has four health and each enemy unit that reaches your village will decrease it's health by one. When your vilage's health gets reduced to zero the you lose and the game ends. Instead of towers you have infantry, who act like towers (ie. don't move around much). There a variety of units available which fall into one of four classes: archer, slinger, melee, wizard. Each class has three types of units such as mage healer and a mage that damages foes. You can buy new units from spending coins, which can be earned periodicly after each wave or by defeating enemies. At the end of each level you will earn stars (based on how  well your defence was) which you can spend upgrading units. You can only upgrade your units after each level (not during gameplay), which I didn't find appealing as it reduces your activities during gameplay.  A variety of foes will attempt to get to your town including knights, musketeers, pirates etc which all have unique stats and health. What I found was that there wasn't enough coin to spend at the start (or during gameplay) and that made building defences really difficult. Another problem is that unlike  in other tower defence games, there is no 'building time' in between each wave, with enemies constantly battling against the defences, it was difficult to repair and rebuild units. Units also don't show the range that they can attack ( a problem mainly for archers), which makes it difficult to place your units in ideal positions. Finally, although the game is 'tower defence' genre, gameplay mainly focuses on blocking enemy via mass unit walls as enemies will easily defeat your units one by one if they spread out. Audio isn't good. Besides the poor combat sounds from units, the same background music is played over and over again which is quite annoying. There is no voice acting in the game, with characters speaking through text.Graphics are another downer. Unit models lack detail as well as the enrironment, which barely has anything e.g. bushes, trees, etc and is therefore quite barren.Level design is quite repetitive. Areas look too similar to each other, with some terrain moved to different locations and a new paint job.If you want a really basic tower defence game with clunky mechanics, then this game might entertain you. Else, stay clear.,Posted: July 23, 2015In 2 words - game isn't really great, but at least it's not too long to bore you too much. Graphics/music are ok (who cares, it's a TD), amount of towers/enemies is low, but tolerable, i suppose it'd be good for some kid new to the genre or something.First really bad thing imo is that in later lvls it's more not about tactics, but about how fast can you make new towers, because money flow is too fast, and second fact, is that you can't really slow down or even tactically pause the game (so you can view and plan whole map), instead menu almost covering everything. Buy this game only if you heavily into TD and don't have anything else to play.,Posted: July 26, 2015The game is OK at best, could be a lot better though. Pros:-Simple graphics, tutorial, and interface help beginner tower defense players learn quickly.-Fun, simple gameplay, with some strategic depth.-Great difficulty curve that forces change of strategy on later levels.-Many units are generally well-balanced and useful in their own way.-Decent value game if you spend $6 or less.-Family-friendly.Cons:-Low replay value; game is beatable in a few hours, nothing else really to do other than survival mode and minimal achievements.-Suicide bomber enemies are OP. I would understand if all units die from bombers in one hit except for tanks, but even low-level tank units get killed by them in one hit. Only max-upgraded tanks can survive one blast, but with almost no HP left. Enemy suicide bomber damage should be reduced a bit so that level 1, 2, and 3 tank units can take more than one bomber hit, but no more than two, before death.-Basic archer units should do a bit more damage.-No way to see specific enemy stats, or how your unit buffs are affecting unit stats.-When building units, no name indicators are given when choosing what unit to place. There needs to be names shown when mousing over the units, so that you can distinguish between each unit without incorrectly selecting the wrong unit to build.-General bugs ruin gameplay: enemy units go right through defences when they shouldn't in certain levels, sometimes certain areas that you should be able to place units on become unbuildable during gameplay, bad melee AI makes them move to areas that you don't want them to move and attack units that you don't want them to.-Limited music variety becomes tiresome to listen to.-Unit placement voices are annoying.-Barebones storyline and graphics.Overall, 6/10. There are many better tower defense games out there (Dungeon Defence, Plants vs. Zombies, etc), but I would recommend this for family gamers, if you're looking for a budget TD game, if you're a huge TD game enthusist or if you're a TD beginner. Otherwise, look elsewhere.,Posted: July 31, 2014There are 12 characters. Of the 12, only 3 can deal damage. The rest of the characters are specialized roles unable to deal damage. And all characters can be attacked, there's no hiding support characters off the main road to keep them out of harm's way. For example, within the cleric family, each character can cast only one type of buff (haste, heal, or strengthen) and cannot attack. Same with archers: the main archer can deal damage, but the slowing archer and poison archer can only add their effect. Since characters can only perform their one narrow role, buffs/support eat up more resources than they're worth.Each character can be upgraded twice and twice only. And upgrades are done between levels. So in the beginning of each level, the characters overwhelm each wave easily, but by the third or fourth wave (of five), tables are turned and its the level three heroes who are easily overpowered. For each role-character, there is an enemy counter. For example, within the warrior family there is a tank that can absorb but not damage. You can out a tank right on the path, but enemies can leave the path to go around the tank, and some enemies can go through the tank, and there are suicide bombers who can blow up multiple tanks in one hit. And even regular enemies can wear down tanks if the tanks aren't complimented with archers or warriors, because the tanks don't deal damage. And all this wouldn't be so bad if the charaters could be instructed. For example, archers, focus on suicide bombers, or something like that. But everyone just focus on the most forward enemy. This would be n uninspired flash game on kongregate or armor games or something. But on Steam? For five dollars?!? Pass, my friends. Pass.,Posted: July 30, 2014Neutral: It's as formulaic as it comes, and it could have done more with it's setting then it does, but Selknam Defense is still a perfectly serviceable tower defense game, just a kind of bland one.Note: To put it plainly, if this goes on sale for 2 or 3 quid, its probably worthwhile if nothing amazing, but at it's current price I just can't recommend it for the amount of content that's there and simplistic mechanics.Full review is available here[www.highlandarrow.com],Posted: December 6, 2017פשוט כיף עולמי בחיים שלי לא ידעתי שמשחק אחד יכול לשלב בתוכו עולם שלם של פעילות כו מהנה למשחק הפשוט של עולם הגיימינג משחק השנה,Posted: July 26, 2014Having healers that bug up and don't heal 90% of the time makes this unplayable."
"20"	"932622"	"RPG Maker VX Ace - Spicy Orange"	2018-09-20	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentSpicy Orange is a fun, funky new pack featuring retro and modern R&B, bluesy grooves, cool latin, chill electronica, and funky vibes to add fun and flair to your game!Featuring songs that range from funk, latin, and blues to electronica and futuristic techno, this pack is well rounded to add upbringing fun vibes or futuristic cyberpunk energy to your game and stories with ease. Whether you want to add some spice to your game project or to create a modern mood for your RPG Maker project, Spicy Orange is an excellent asset for your creative resources.FEATURES:20 BGM tracks 21 jinglesMusic for fun, cyberpunk, modern, futuristic scenes and more!.mp3, .ogg, and .wav file formats are included.Tracklist:1. City girl2. Funky like JB3. Midnight4. Spanish wind5. Bigbandjazz6. Funk you7. Acoustic8. Smoky beat9. Teenageguitar10. Night rider11. Country summer12. Cyber angel13. New morning14. Kabukicyuo groove15. Traffic16. Thinking17. Mission18. Highlight19. Smells like N spilit20. Todays bad newsJingle List:1. voiceA2. voiceB3. voiceC4. voiceD5. voiceE6. EP A7. EP B8. EP C9. extremeA10. extremeB11. extremeC12. extremeD13. extremeE14. extremeF15. extremeG16. extremeH17. extremeI18. extremeJ19. tribalA20. tribalB21. tribalC"	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,yes i am almost in the beta testing for my game and wondering how i can have friends beta test it without owning RPG maker...is there a way to do it?,Are you able to create a 3D style RPG like Legends of Grimrock with this software?If not does anyone know of a software that will?Thank you for any info you can give.,I want to make a cutscene that involves moving the camera separately to the player for a gag. if some one could help me with that i'll grateful. thanks!,Hey, I'm looking for a way to make a limit to how many enemies someone can encounter per map(Like in Undertale genocide.). I'd like it to be something like in the troops' event tabs it changes something, increasing by one, and will stop letting the player...,I'm looking to make the currency units in this US dollars. I know how to change G to $, but I want it to be like if you had 500 G you'd have $5.00 instead of $500, and having 50 G would be $0.50 instead of $50. Any help is greatly appreciated, and if ther...,Posted: May 3i don't think i've completed a single project yet but i am DETERMINED"
"21"	"555532"	"P-51D: High Stakes Campaign"	2017-02-10	9.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentRequires DCS: P-51D MustangThe \"P-51D: High Stakes\" campaign is a single-player, story-driven campaign for DCS: P-51D Mustang. The premise of the campaign is that a powerful businessman and gambler named \"Maslov\" has employed the pilot-for-hire pilot Vasily Sinitsa with promises of mountains of money. In return, Vasily needs to fly and master the venerable Mustang over a string of 15 missions that will test his skills. Maslov will put the Vasily at more risk as the campaign progresses and Vasily will need to use all his skills to not only to fulfill his assigned tasks but to also save his life and, in the long run, his honor.In order to fully complete each mission and proceed to the next, Vasily will need to land his Mustang at the assigned point at the conclusion of each mission. Additionally, due to the plot of the story, Vasily will need to take care of his Mustang and minimize damage to proceed through the story.All of Vasily's missions include detailed briefings and mission map graphics. Each mission also includes kneeboard briefing and map pages.Are you ready to join Vasily on this epic journey?"	"One of the most creative DCS World videos I have seen, enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiir2UytDFo,I cannot find downloaded content of the Bodney campaign or The big show.It does not appear anywhere on the main menu. HHHelp!!!,Damage Model Progress UpdateOur new damage model is currently being implemented and tuned to the specifics of each of our internally developed WWII aircraft in DCS World. Each aircraft has unique hydraulics, pneumatic and electrical systems, materials and kinematics. As a result, the predicted damage depends on the type and location of impact will vary substantially. The internal effect such as coolant or oil temperature variation, loss of pressure, loss of control or other effects should, in turn, generate the corresponding predicted the internal and/or external visual effect.Our AI aircraft will also be tuned appropriately and this work is ongoing. We have also added some great tools for testing the damage model on our internal builds. With these tools, we can track the trajectory of hits, shrapnel and damage suffered. In the attached screenshot, you can see the result of a testing session with a Me-109K-4 vs some Flak fire. In the X-ray log window, you can see how different hits make their way into and in some cases through the aircraft. In one instance, an object enters the left tail and stops in the right tail. While the graphical representation isn't the exact location, on the aircraft you will see damage entering at this location, but not exiting on the other side. In another case, you can see objects entering the wing tip, and exiting the middle of the wing. Again, the damage would show on both sides of the wing, based on objects entering and exiting it. As well, you can see how an object entered one Ammo Box, severed the ammo belts on 2 guns, as well as severing a fuel line before stopping in a second ammo box. If you were to use those guns, you would run out of ammo before the indicators showed you did. You can see by the log data that we track the path of the object, the material and/or items passing through it.I hope this update gives you a better understanding of what we are aiming to achieve with our new damage model. We trust that it will be to your satisfaction.Update of Russian Ural-375 TrucksWhile the weapon systems often get the spotlight, it is also important that support units continue to be updated and improved as DCS World grows and evolves. This is part of an ongoing effort to update all older DCS World units.See High Res screenshots here here[www.digitalcombatsimulator.com]Today we bring you three new and updated variants of the venerable Ural-375 truck. The Ural-375 is a workhorse of the Russia military and is a 4.5-ton 6x6 multi-purpose platform from which many variants have been produced since its introduction in 1979. In addition to cargo and crew variants, it has also served as the chassis for the BM-21 rocket launcher, a fuel carrier, and hard and soft tops.Sincerely,The Eagle Dynamics Team,Hey everyone!Apologies for the lack of Hornet news of late. I’ve been a bit unwell lately and the team has been focused on more difficult tasks, so progress has been slower.The big items (in no particular order) that we are working on for the Hornet include:Cleaning up the JDAM and adding new features to the JDAMAdding the JSOW (already in internal test)Add full simulation of GPS and INS alignment and navigation systemsPRECISE waypoint input modeCorrecting HARM guidanceMIDS for LTWS and TWSLitening II targeting podRegarding PB mode for HARM, we decided to push this back for two reasons: 1- based on client feedback, the targeting pod is much more in demand, and 2- we first want to complete the new waypoint database system that will allow creating of PB points. The next Hornet update is planned for May 8th.Thanks,Wags,Hello all, can you guys recommend me some good joysticks/throttles (or just a whole setup)? What are your choices?,I thought for sure they would have fixed this game wrecking bug, but no.Before you can go through one full load of .50 cal your gun barrel will melt.  No matter how you fire and whether you have unlimited ammunition enabled or not.,These 3 P-51 .... P-51D: the P-51D-25-NA and the P-51D-30-NA are all available now or not? I saw they revisited the mustang  and provide an all new cockpit and external model using modern rendering techniques like deferred shading and physical based rend...,Salut à tous, Je suis à la recherche de joueurs parlant français histoire de ne plus être constamment seul sur DCS, à force c'est plus très drôle d'être en solo ^^ Je ne suis ni un pro, ni un ultra passionné, juste un joueur qui aime le monde...,Posted: April 27This game is incredibly inconsistent. I got a VR headset and it's a total gamble when I open the game which planes will work and which will crash the game to desktop. I have updated drivers reinstalled the game tried beta versions and there is never a consistent way to load up a mission. It's really disappointing because when it does work it is the best VR experience I have played but whenever I try to show friends or family and just load up a quick mission where I'm already flying I end up troubleshooting for an hour and then quitting in frustration. For the amount of money you are charged for each plane and how stingy this game is with everything you need for a plane like maps and missions, it is unacceptable to have such a crash prone experience. I'm glad I only paid $15 for the entry level planes and never bought the mustang or spitfire which the the ones I'm interested in. It feels like a waste of money because I have only got the planes I bought to work once. Different teams work on different planes which means there are a lot of incompatibilities that cause these problems. To charge $30-60 for a plane, another $50 for a map, and then more for assets to populate that map and then finally an additional $10-15 for actual missions only to have it crash and require different versions of the game to run different planes is unacceptable for what is billed as a top tier flight sim. All the mechanics and beautifully rendered aircraft are here and there is VR support but this game is not a platform where you can load it up and fly different missions with different planes and test stuff out. For the price it requires way too much work to get up and running. I don't mind the depth and detail and difficulty of the flying, but if they are going to charge this much and the launch platform for these planes to be so shoddy, they need to provide a simplified cheaper or free version of each plane to determine whether or not it will even load after the purchase. I watch videos of this game and want to buy 4 or 5 different planes. I am willing to pay upwards of $150 dollars on this game but I refuse to because I'm not sure if it will work.,Posted: April 29Great game, I bought the F18, a big learning curve, still learning.Fun to play w/ friends.Wait for a sale before buying a plane. You will thank me.,Posted: April 30A must for every military aviation enthusiast"
"22"	"308267"	"USFIV: Challengers Vacation Pack 2"	2014-08-11	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentAlternate costume pack for Ultra Street Fighter IV. Contains new vacation themed outfits for Juri, Ibuki, Cody, Adon, and T.Hawk. Wear these new threads and take out your opponents in style!*This content is only compatible with Ultra Street Fighter IV. Will not work with any other game."	"Hi!i don't understand why the game is made so difficult In trials for example i never exceed the stage 8. It's impossible for me to chain to hit combo like it's ask. Timing is impossible to understand and their no indication in-game ...,Posted: May 2Bought in on sale. It's a really fun fighting game, with a big roster of characters to chose from, each with their own unique moves and abilities. Also, I'm glad to confirm that the Multiplayer is still alive, so if the Arcade ever bores you, you can always find some good challenge online. However, I only recommend USF4 for use with a controller; no keyboard mapping is satisfying enough to let you enjoy the game, let alone how difficult it is to learn all the countless different combos (even for one character, only). It's a challenging game which requires you to get better at it every time you play, so a gamepad seems to be necessary to help you get there.,Posted: April 29Poison ❤,Posted: April 29Really hard to use on controller. I used to play the regular one on the xbox 360 and the controls were super easy. I could perform hadokens all day on the xbox, but in this platform, I seem to fumble a lot because of control lists are hard to decipher as to what they mean, and hard to perform. I don't know how people do it. I give this a 3 out of 5 since I can't change the controls either. 5 out of 5 tho if I can perform the special moves easier.,Ultra version comes with everything? All costume and character dlc? Because the game shop is a mess. ,I taunt a lot, but i honestly don't do it with the intention of disrespecting anyone. I just like to have fun. What about being taunted makes you that angry? Especially when we can't actually attack each other while downed, and the fact that I am wide ope...,Title ,I want to buy it, but I have a doubt if it is still alive online."
"23"	"700750"	"The Battle Of Mahjong"	2017-09-15	9.99	"Casual"	"Update Notesv.1.5.7* Bugs fix and performance improvements* Increase gameplay effect* Update some texturesv.1.5.5* Fixed the issue of Taiwan Mahjong Rules* Bugs fix and performance improvementsv.1.5.4* Bugs fix and performance improvements,About This Game“Mahjong” is originated from China, also it is one of a quintessence of Chinese culture. Players can know more about the advantages of “Mahjong” though playing the game. It helps you to brainstorm, also it is the best game for you life of leisure!You can only find out the fun of playing “Mahjong” by yourself, I'm sure you'll addicted to it. Don’t hesitate, come and join “ THE BATTLE OF MAHJONG”! “The Battle Of Mahjong” is  the best longan game, players can know more about the quintessence of Chinese culture and the fun of mahjong through the challenges from the game. Every missions have certain connections, once you've won all the battles, the hidden characters and different functions are waiting for you! Are you ready for it? A free single user game for you to play until the end! Chinese and English versions are out now, come and join the battle today!【Game Features】- The first Mahjong game supports Chinese and English versions in HK!- First 3D single user game support cross platforms!- Lots of hidden characters are waiting for you!- 3 different ways to play!- No monthly fee! And you can play the game every moment you want to!- screenshot for the precious moment!"	"Posted: February 16, 20181/5 stars. Let me explained why I think this game is bad and does not deserve your money:1)This game have 3 \"mode\". One of them is \"Free play\". You would think that free play mean the player can set the rule. LOL NOPE! You are restricted to maximum 4 points in the beginning. You want to set 3 points to max? You need to \"unlock\" these by playing \"Champion” and “PVP” mode. Which brings to the next point:2)“Champion” mode is totally lame. Is like a single player game where you go around and beat like 9 bosses. But the AI for these “bosses” seem to be the same. So what makes a boss “difficult” ? They set victory condition rather than out right win the most money. So for example, one of the boss, you “win” by winning 3 rounds of self draw. If you cant do that in 30 minutes, you “loss”. What makes it worst is that for each bosses, you also need to earn “key” to challenge them. The first boss and the last 2 boss have no keys. To earn keys, you have to play against previous boss over and over to earn keys. Keys are given randomly when you win a round. But usually only if you score low points round. Funny thing about this lame system, I won a round with “13 aunties” 15 points. This bankrupted one of the AI and the match is over. You still have to come back again if you want to beat that same boss, because I didn’t “win by condition”. Lame and a waste of time.3)PVP mode. Is not pvp. You don’t play against other players online. You just play against AI and win experience instead of money. You can than earn “coins” which is then used to unlock things like unlocking free mode condition or different colour tiles. Oh did I mention that you need to earn “gold” to challenge AI for experience? LOL what kind of lame design is this? 4)English translation is a nightmare. Is not even on par with an elementary ESL student. 5)There no rules or tutorials, so you have to google if you don’t know how to play6)Bad resolution. Which usually doesn’t matter too much for indie games, but it does here. This is because you cant read the Enemy flower tiles due to bad resolution. 7)Bad game speed. Too much animation for a card game. I don’t need to see a tile get discarded. I would like to set the animation off so that I can only focus on the game itself. 8)Tick tack toe in champion mode is unskippable. Another lame design.9)NO real PVP, no online mode. LameConclusion:There are many game developers these days for traditional mah-jong game. I do not feel this one lived up to my expectation. It feel like a really annoying RPG game, with very little reward. Free play mode should be unlocked at start. Not worth it IMO.  ,Posted: February 17, 2018One of the few real Mahjong games around.,Posted: February 16, 2018A challenging real Mahjong game with walls. The bots you play against are good.,Posted: December 28, 2017A clean and intuitive interface!Easy of use!Any serious mahjong player will love this game.Hours of fun for friends and family.Can play against computers. They are good!Highly recommended.,Posted: December 7, 2018This game is broken, at least under the Taiwanese ruleset - it sometimes doesn't notice that a hand is winning."
"24"	"745802"	"VEGA Conflict - Exterminator Pack"	2017-11-20	89.99	"Strategy,Massively Multiplayer,Free to Play"	"About This ContentPick up this pack now and receive the following:Exterminator Destroyer (x3) - Exterminator Destroyers are a highly sought-after hull for base sniping and PvE Outpost combat. Their tremendous range is boosted even further by the Xeno Shatter Driver. Any base you want to destroy? Destroy it.9,000 Coins - Providing you with the ability to build upon your base assets with the latest tech and resources. Bonus Coins will really help you make your mark in the sector.Bonus consumables and Reusable Instances to enhance the performance of your Exterminator Destroyer:- 3x Fusion Thruster III Credit- 6x Xeno Shatter Driver I Credit- 6x Heavy Shatter Driver I RI- 3x Xeno Siege Casing II Credit"	"Suddenly can no longer log into the game. Anyone else experiencing this? Tried restarting, still didn't work.,Posted: April 27Bad 3/10,within 10 minutes i get 40 hours to get ships up to fight again.i don't have fun anymore.i cant compete in an event for more than 30 minutes till it is over due to repairs.i spent a whole year building ships for upgrades that are lucky to drop once a d...,When introduce, they reduce the screen speed! Now daemon unable to go into cloud!Better shelf this ship now!Pointless to use this fleet to farm!,hello guys i am searching an allaince to join i am lvl 54 but i dont have much experince with vega ,My base went from 32 to 58 lolhttps://imgur.com/a/SBYqAXZhttps://imgur.com/a/89wY6JZhttps://imgur.com/a/ulRC5f1https://imgur.com/a/rPMaUpEhttps://imgur.com/a/T7JpFMbhttps://imgur.com/a/jbbllMz,Posted: May 2ok so here my thoughts, the game itself is pretty cool, i like the base building, the combat is controlled, live and feels good to play. however i think the wait time for ship repairs is waaaay too long and the events seem to be exclusively for elite player, ive been playing a while now and im still nowhere near powerful enough to do any events. kinda harsh. also the game seems to be constantly trying to get you to sink money into it. all that said it is fun and i would recommend it. just definely need patience coz most the game will be well out of reach for at least your first few weeks."
"25"	"408680"	"Sébastien Loeb Rally EVO - Pikes Peak Pack Peugeot 405 T 16 PP"	2016-01-29	7.99	"Racing,Sports,Simulation"	"About This ContentWant to relive a legend? Want to go back in time and compete on the most dangerous uphill time trial ever, with a 600 hp racecar? Feel the adrenaline running in your veins, floor the acceleration and test your limits with the legendary Pikes Peak Pack - Peugeot 405 T16 PP DLC! Direct from ‘88, 12 miles of pure dirt road and the record-breaking car. Stop, download the DLC and relive history in 3 new career events…"	"Give a 1 for SLRE or a 2 for Dirt Rally. Feel free to give your reasoning.PS: I have not played SLRE so I cannot vote but feel that dirt rally is the perfect game for me. Someone prove me wrong. Amount of content aside, I mostly care about the physics a...,*************************WARNING! DO NOT USE WITH ONLINE/MULTIPLAYER FEATURES. ONLY FOR OFFLINE USE************************We want introduce you all the RFPE Mod for Sebastien Loeb Rally EVO. This Mod reflects our passion for the motorsport world and ex...,Can anyone help me. My steering wheel works but I can not change the key assignment and the gas and brake pedal does not work.,Why haven't this game more players ?The physics is extremely good and can certainly keep up with Richard Burns rally. Even DiRT rally look a bit old.Of course not everything is perfect but that was not vanilla rbr either. What milestone has delivered h...,EDIT: Did some tests with wikke1984 and we were able to connect in online race lobby and have races so it is working and maybe the issue is with SLRE user accounts needs to be set up and email verified and THEN verified AGAIN in the network menue of the S...,Posted: May 4This is going to be a mixed review as I am somewhat enjoying the game but there are issues. - The steering on front wheel drive vehicles feels weird. (I have only driven front wheel drives so far) I use a keyboard and at high-(ish) speeds there is a nanosecond difference in key presses between straightening the vehicle and full lock.- Co-driver signs are not always correct and some are not even mentioned. Left 6 is not supposed to be a 90 degree bend.- Micro stutters. There is a guide that eradicates the majority of them but they are still there.- The tape fencing around sections of the road will appear out of thin air as you drive past them. It takes your attention as you focus on the road.- You need to tune your vehicle before EVERY race. This gets tedious very fast.- No support from the devs. Just read the discussions to see what I mean.- AI vehicles race like it's a demolition derby. It is fun though when you make them spin out.- The menu is slow to respond and at first is confusing.There are positives too but I need to go to the shops before they close so if you are reading this then I never got around to completing the review.Oh but buy it if it's $5. Just don't pay full price."
"26"	"330630"	"RPG Maker VX Ace - Underworld Soundscapes"	2014-10-31	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentExplore the dangerous underground depths with this unique soundscape pack.Soundscapes: Underworld is a collection of themes that amp up the atmospheres of your project. Each theme contains a variety of sound effects and ambient elements that provide the perfect background sound. You can use them by themselves, or in addition to your other game music. Whether you're creating a true horror game, or simply need to enhance the feeling of danger in your dungeons, this pack offers a new way to build up atmosphere.Music preview on SoundcloudThis pack contains:11 themes, broken into 15-minute incrementsCovering a variety of moods and atmospheresCan be used alone or in addition to other game musicRoyalty free music to use in your commercial and non-commercial RPG/IG Maker projects"	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,yes i am almost in the beta testing for my game and wondering how i can have friends beta test it without owning RPG maker...is there a way to do it?,Are you able to create a 3D style RPG like Legends of Grimrock with this software?If not does anyone know of a software that will?Thank you for any info you can give.,I want to make a cutscene that involves moving the camera separately to the player for a gag. if some one could help me with that i'll grateful. thanks!,Hey, I'm looking for a way to make a limit to how many enemies someone can encounter per map(Like in Undertale genocide.). I'd like it to be something like in the troops' event tabs it changes something, increasing by one, and will stop letting the player...,I'm looking to make the currency units in this US dollars. I know how to change G to $, but I want it to be like if you had 500 G you'd have $5.00 instead of $500, and having 50 G would be $0.50 instead of $50. Any help is greatly appreciated, and if ther...,Posted: May 3i don't think i've completed a single project yet but i am DETERMINED"
"27"	"287550"	"Moebius Soundtrack"	2014-04-15	9.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Moebius soundtrack includes 31 gorgeous compositions from Robert Holmes, award-winning composer for Gabriel Knight and Gray Matter, and also features \"The Wheel\", performed by the Scarlet Furies."	"I have done what the description says (Compliment Felone's house and give her the necklace), I have tried to give her the necklace through the dialogue option and directly, I have also tried to not upsetting her avoiding some of the dialogue options, stil...,I'm posting this on behalf of one of our testers: Hi there folks,Greetings from the Quality Assurance (QA) team here. I just wanted to let you know that we are aware of a number of issues that prevents progress in some areas within the game. Thi...,The game is avalable since one month and a half, and still no news from the french subtitles. Should I remind you that you annonced french version of the game in your website ?One month ago, I made a post to ask for the release date of the patch with ot...,http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2014/04/15/moebius-review/I'm struck by the contrast between this review and those of Steam users, none of which are currently negative.  Would anyone care to rebut criticisms in RPS's take?,Guys, just tell us if it will be available on Linux or not. I checked kickstarter, there it was said that game will be on PC, Mac AND Linux. It's been almost two months but it's only Pc and Mac. I just don't know, let us know something! I asked Phoenix ab..."
"28"	"610695"	"Tabletop Simulator - Pillars of Eternity: Lords of the Eastern Reach"	2018-02-08	7.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentOnly the host needs to own this DLC. 1-4 Players | Ages 13 & Up Approximately 60-120 minutesPillars of Eternity: Lords of the Eastern Reach is a 1-4 player card game based on Obsidian Entertainment's award-winning and best-selling Pillars of Eternity computer role-playing game.The players are lords and ladies who hire troops, recruit heroes, and build defenses to fend off fiendish monsters...and their fellow players. The limited resources are represented by counters, while the buildings and armies are cards. A number of resources are drawn each turn and unused resources are passed on to the other players. Players may choose to go on dangerous adventures or engage in battles against their fellow players."	"Hey everyone, this is one of our largest updates yet! We've updated the game engine massively to the latest version of Unity 2019.1 which will give us overall better performance and features. There has also been an optimization pass to reduce stutter causing situations, so everything can be as silky smooth as possible. That's just the tip of the iceberg: reduced game size 4gb, AssetBundle materials, spectator camera improvements, and ton more covered below! Unity Engine Upgrade:Upgrade Unity version from 5.6.6 to 2019.1.Dx11 on Windows, OpenGLCore on Mac and Linux.FPS should be overall faster. Can be twice as fast in really specific scenes.Physics performance improved.Video textures much faster with more formats support (.m4v and .mov)Incremental garbage collector greatly reduces the game's stutters.Changes:Dx9 support has been dropped (only 0.01% of players have a gpu that is only Dx9). Dx10 is minimum requirement now.Windows Xp support dropped and with Steam not supporting it anymore either this isn't a surprise.All custom images are now resized to a power of 2 internal, so avoid using non power of 2 images if you can. This is due to Dx11 bug this might be changed back in the future if Unity fixes this.RAW cache from Images and Models had to deleted to due incompatibilities with the engine upgrade.Known Issues:AssetBundles using crunched textures will not load correctly and need to be re-exported from Unity 2019.1 with the updated Modding Project.AssetBundle mesh colliders might behave differently due to physx upgrade.Performance Optimizations:Saving mod asset to disk is now async and will not sutter the game.Greatly reduced the time it takes to destroy objects reducing the lag when changing mods.Made the Games & Saved Objects menu async to fix stutters when opening them.DLC Improvments:DLC are no longer included in the game install and will be downloaded when played the first time.This has reduce the install size of the game by 4 gigs.We can also now update and add new DLCs without having to update the game.Can now have multiple DLCs loaded up at once.AssetBundle Materials:Added support for loading AssetBundle materials into any Custom Object Image slot. Create holographic playing cards or add normal maps to your custom dice!Works by assigning your material to an AssetBundle and then exporting like normal.General Improvements:Custom Card added so you can create cards one at a time.Added /rules to global chat which opens a link to the rules on our knowledge base.Update DLC Three Cheers for master with scripted components.Disabled being able to load local files with the Tablet due to javascript exploits.Opening urls now only open steam links in the overlay and all others open in your default browser.Secured many networking related functions from hackers.Added .json to Steam Cloud upload file types.Steam Cloud now supports uploading files greater than 100mb.Lua:Added filterObjectEnter(object) event:  Place it on an object, and it will prevent any objects from being able to enter it. For example, placing it on a deck will not allow cards to enter it. If you return true in the function, the item will be allowed in.XML UI:Updated plugin to the latest version.Can now get the click button for events like onClick with the value param passed.Xml UI image assets are now no longer compressed to make them look nicer.Xml UI errors now print to chat, to make it easier to debug Xml UI.Caching Improvement:Added support for adding {verifycache} in front of your urls to have the game check the last-modified header of a url to update the local cache if it is stale. Only does this check once per game session.This is an advanced feature for people that want to host content on there own servers and make sure people get updates without having to change the URLs.https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-ModifiedVRAdded a warning message when you do not have any control bindings (typically because you are using unsupported hardware), instructing you on how to set the bindings up in SteamVR.Fixed objects not clumping when you shake the controller.Fixed stack/deck grab not working with laser pointer.Spectator ModeSpectator mode now works when you use a different resolution than your main display.  It has had an overhaul, and now works using these commands:displays - Lists all available displays.  ID 0 will always be your main game screen.spectator_window - Turn on to activate the spectator window.spectator_activate_with_resolution - Use instead of above to specify display, resolution, etc.vr_spectator_replaces_main_window - In VR, controls whether spectator mode makes its own window or just uses the desktop mirror.spectator_camera_follow_player - When ON the camera will follow your point-of-view.spectator_camera_attachment - Lets you specify a component or pointer to attach camera to.spectator_camera_follow_attachment - When ON the camera will follow the above object.spectator_camera_dolly - When camera is following an object, it will be offset this far in the direction it is facing.spectator_camera_offset_position - When camera is following an object it will be offset by this X Y Z.spectator_camera_offset_rotation - When camera is following an object its facing will be offset by thus X Y Z.spectator_camera_load - Set the camera to a saved camera position.spectator_camera_load_zero - As above, but the position is zero-indexed (useful when coupled with certain commands like Add).spectator_camera_smooth_on_load - Whether smoothing is applied during above.spectator_camera_target - Lets you specify a component or pointer for the camera to track.spectator_camera_tracking - When ON the camera will track the above object.spectator_camera_look_at - Make spectator camera look a component or pointer.spectator_camera_override_player_with_look - When ON the look at and track commands will work when camera is following player.spectator_show_ui - Whether the UI is displayed on the spectator window.spectator_post_processing - Whether post-processing effects are applied to spectator window.spectator_camera_smooth_position - Positional smoothing factor.spectator_camera_smooth_rotation - Rotational smoothing factor.spectator_camera_stay_upright - When ON the camera will not go upside-down.Example autoexec.cfg:+spectator_window-spectator_show_ui# Make easier to type versions of spectator_camera_ commands.# i.e. cam_load instead of spectator_camera_loadalias cam_* spectator_camera_*+cam_stay_upright# make right control have camera follow player while held# @ makes it not output to consolebind +right_control @+cam_follow_playerbind -right_control @-cam_follow_player# make semicolon look at object under pointer# need to start line with > to stop <hovered> being evaluated,# and exec to make it evaluate when activated>bind semicolon exec cam_look_at <hovered># make period toggle object tracking, and comma set tracked objectbind period !cam_tracking>bind comma exec cam_target <hovered># make right shift cycle through first 3 camera positionsalias next_camera add cam_load_zero 1 3bind right_shift next_camera# make some buttons to load specific camera positionsui_button 1 600   0 cam_load 1ui_button 2 600 -30 cam_load 2ui_button 3 600 -60 cam_load 3System Console'/' commands now worked when typed into console tabFixed color command ignoring permissionsNew commands:chat_font_size - The size of the font in the chat windows.say_global, say_game, say_team - Transmits text to specified chat channel.subtract - Like add, but allows you to subtract current value from another (good for ping-ponging between two numbers).vr_steamvr_bindings - Lists all current steamVR bindings.ui_button - Lets you make a button on your screen which will perform a command.highlight - Highlights specified component.mod_caching, mod_caching_raw, mod_threading, and mod_thread_count.Last three variables are typically used as parameters in other commands, buy enclosing them with << and >>.find - Call with parameters to find a component.  Will then be set to that component.grabbed - Equals the component you are currently holding.hovered - Equals the component you are hovering over.For example:find -name \"Blue Player Token\"highlight <<find>>If you want to set up a binding/alias/button in a script then you need to start the line with a >, surround the variable with < and > instead, and use exec.>bind right_control exec spectator_camera_attachment <hovered>Fixes:Fixed blury comfirmation UI for tablet.Fixed saving .rawm to disk when regular caching.Fixed random sort for Games and Saved Objects is now actually working correctly.Fixed custom objects not probably being positioned on the UI correctly.Fixed the black background fade stuttering on when open exist to main menu window.Fixed some format stuff for file browser or tooltips. Added back .jpeg.Fixed line tool, including flick and joint.,Since I got the latest update, Tabletop Simulator crashes on startup every time.  There is a pop up window that shows the Tabletop Simulator icon with a red exclamation point, and the current version number for Unity, but no other information.  How do I t...,Hey there everyone! This is one of biggest updates yet, we have a lot of great stuff coming for you guys in this update, but we want to make sure it's stable before pushing it live. So, we are doing a public beta first and we want to hear from you about any issues!To opt into the beta:* Right click on Tabletop Simulator in your Steam library.* Choose Properties -> Beta.* Then in the drop down for \"Select the beta you would like to opt into:\" choose \"public_beta\".Unity Engine Upgrade:* Upgrade Unity version from 5.6.6 to 2019.1.* Dx11 on Windows, OpenGLCore on Mac and Linux.* FPS should be overall faster. Can be twice as fast in really specific scenes.* Physics performance improved.* Video textures much faster with more formats support (.m4v and .mov)* Incremental garbage collector greatly reduces the game's stutters.Changes:* Dx9 support has been dropped only 0.01% of players have a gpu that is only Dx9. Dx10 is minimum requirement now.* Windows Xp support dropped and with Steam not supporting it anymore either this isn't a surprise.* All custom images are now resized to a power of 2 internal, so avoid using non power of 2 images if you can. This is due to Dx11 bug this might be changed back in the future if Unity fixes this.* RAW cache from Images and Models had to deleted to due incompatibilities with the engine upgrade.Known Issues:* Due the massive engine upgrade AssetBundle are the most effected due to Unity changes you might have to re-export your AssetBundle from 2019.1 with the updated Modding Project.* Old AssetBundles using crunched textures will not load correctly and need to be re-exported.* AssetBundle mesh colliders might behave differently due to physx upgrade.Performance Optimizations:* Saving mod asset to disk is now async and will not sutter the game.* Greatly reduced the time it takes to destroy objects reducing the lag when changing mods.* Made the Games & Saved Objects menu async to fix stutters when opening them.DLC Improvments:* DLC are no longer included in the game install and will be downloaded when played the first time.* This has reduce the install size of the game by 4 gigs.* We can also now update and add new DLCs without having to update the game.AssetBundle Materials:* Added support for loading AssetBundle materials into any Custom Object Image slot. * Create holographic playing cards or add normal maps to your custom dice!* Works by assigning your material to an AssetBundle and then exporting like normal.General Improvements:* Custom Card added so you can create cards one at a time.* Added /rules to global chat which opens a link to the rules on our knowledge base.* Update DLC Three Cheers for master with scripted components.* Disabled being able to load local files with the Tablet due to javascript exploits.* Opening urls now only open steam links in the overlay and all others open in your default browser.* Secured many networking related functions from hackers.* Added .json to Steam Cloud upload file types.* Steam Cloud now supports uploading files greater than 100mb.System Console:* Added `mod_caching`, `mod_caching_raw`, `mod_threading`, and `mod_thread_count`.* Added `say_global`, `say_game`, `say_team` commands.* `/` commands now work when typed into system console.* Added subtract command.* Renamed vr_bindings command to vr_steamvr_bindings* Added say_global, say_game, say_team commands.Spectator Mode:* Spectator mode should be working correctly with differing monitor resolutions.* Added `displays` command, reworked `spectator_activate_with_resolution` command (can now specify display)* `spectator_camera_attachment` - sets component or pointer for camera to attach to.* `spectator_camera_follow_attachment` - when this is on the camera will move as if attached to above entity.* `spectator_camera_follow_player` - renamed, was `spectator_camera_follow`.* `spectator_camera_dolly` - distance camera is offset along the direction it is looking.* `spectator_camera_offset_position` - vector3 positional offset from attachment.* `spectator_camera_offset_rotation` - vector3 rotational offset from attachment.* `spectator_camera_look_at` - make camera look at specified component or pointer.* `spectator_camera_target` - sets component or pointer for camera to track.* `spectator_camera_tracking` - when ON the camera will constantly track the above entity.* `spectator_camera_override_player_with_look` - when ON look and track commands will override follow_player.* `spectator_camera_stay_upright` - when ON the camera will avoid being upside-down.Lua:* Added onObjectTryEnter(object) callback:  if present on an object then it will be called when another object would be inserted into it (like a card into a deck or a token into a bag).  If it returns false then the item will not be able to enter.XML UI:* Updated plugin to the latest version.* Can now get the click button for events like onClick with the value param passed.* Xml UI image assets are now no longer compressed to make them look nicer.* Xml UI errors now print to chat, to make it easier to debug Xml UI.* Fixed line tool, including flick and joint.Caching Improvement:* Added support for adding {verifycache} in front of your urls to have the game check the last-modified header of a url to update the local cache if it is stale. Only does this check once per game session.* This is an advanced feature for people that want to host content on there own servers and make sure people get updates without having to change the URLs.* https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-ModifiedFixes:* Fixed blury comfirmation UI for tablet.* Fixed saving .rawm to disk when regular caching.* Fixed random sort for Games and Saved Objects is now actually working correctly.* Fixed custom objects not probably being positioned on the UI correctly.* Fixed the black background fade stuttering on when open exist to main menu window.* Fixed some format stuff for file browser or tooltips. Added back .jpeg.* Fixed line tool, including flick and joint.,Posted: April 28One game to rule them all. Just take a look at the workshop, the number of available games is staggering. It's also a good tool to test some games prior to buying them in real-life. A fun party/hangout game which is best played with friends. Check boardgamegeek[boardgamegeek.com] to explore the board/card game library and rankings.,Posted: April 29This is my favorite game on steam,Posted: April 28We played UNO and now half of my friends hate me.,Oh my! More optimizations are always nice, as the community continues to produce fantastic and more technically complex creations. But if you’re hungry for a new feature, we hope you’ll enjoy the new Video Images, which allow you to use videos as textures for assets. Plus, a long requested feature: Spectator Mode! Whatever your taste, we think this patch has a little something for everybody.As usual, included in the patch is our latest DLC: Deck Quest!DLC - Deck Questhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/610699/Deck Quest is now available for $7.99 with a 20% launch discount.Scripted setup to help get into the game quickly.Select your seats and click the Shuffle button in the middle of the table.Loading Improvements:Overall loading should be much faster and smoother than in the past!New image caching folder “Images RAW” that stores .rawt files to speed up loading by up to 20 times.General optimization to use less memory when loading your games up.Greatly reduced custom image ram usage by ~50%.AssetBundles now load in async and with less stutters.Loading generates much less garbage for the garbage collector to clean up to reduce stutters.Fixed normal maps for Custom Models not working correctly and being slow.Better error handling when trying to load assets with an unsupported file type.Added CMYK JPG detection to avoid game crash.  Video Images:https://giant.gfycat.com/RightJointAchillestang.webmEnjoy animated textures for you assets or play jigsaw with animated video!Import videos (.mp4 and .webm) into the image slot on any custom asset.Note: Linux does not support .mp4.  Graphics:New sharpen post processing to enhance the overall clarity of the game.Configuration graphic changes are instant now without having to hit apply.  Improvements:Reduced CPU usage when lots of objects are loaded up.Added game load time to system console.Optimized DLC Cosmic by removing all the extra scripting zones from each expansion.Added console commands rewind_interval and unload_interval.Scripting:There's now a way to interact with Unity's built in components using this new API. You can control all aspects of your assetbundles for example changing the light settings, all from Lua. You can read more about it on the API page[api.tabletopsimulator.com].self.getComponentInChildren(\"Light\").set(\"intensity\", 20)Object and GameObject:getComponent(name) return ComponentgetComponents(optional name) return Component[]getComponentInChildren(name) return ComponentgetComponentsInChildren(optional name) return Component[]getChild(name) return GameObjectgetChildren() return GameObject[]name return stringComponent:game_object return GameObjectget(varName) return valuegetVars() return Dictionary<string Name, string Type>set(varName, value) return boolname return stringScripting Fixes:Fixed Component UI menu triggering onObjectDestroy lua events.Fixed XML UI syncing issue for connecting players.  Spectator ModeSpectator mode provides a second fullscreen viewport to be used for streaming / recording.  The UI can be shown or hidden on it, and its camera can follow your own or be set to any stored position.  Spectator mode requires a second monitor to display on.  If you only have one physical monitor then you can use something like spacedesk.net to get around this limitation.Spectator mod is controlled via the following console commands:spectator_window - turn on to activate the spectator windowspectator_show_ui - whether the UI is displayed on the spectator windowspectator_camera_follow - when enabled spectator camera will follow your viewspectator_camera_load - set spectator camera to a stored positionspectator_camera_load_zero - same as above, but zero-indexed (so 0 = slot 1, 1 = slot 2, etc.)spectator_camera_smooth_position - factor used to smooth spectator camera movementspectator_camera_smooth_rotation - factor used to smooth spectator camera rotationspectator_camera_smooth_on_load - when enabled smoothing will be applied when loading camera positions as well as when following playerspectator_post_processing - whether post-processing effects are applied to the spectator windowvr_spectator_replaces_main_window - in VR, controls whether spectator mode makes its own window or just uses the desktop mirror.Example autoexec.cfg: +spectator_window -spectator_show_ui +spectator_camera_follow spectator_camera_smooth_position 0.1 spectator_camera_smooth_rotation 0.1 # set right control key to toggle player follow bind right_control !spectator_camera_follow # set space to make spectator camera follow player while it is held down # @ = silence command in console bind +space @+spectator_camera_follow bind -space @-spectator_camera_follow # set keys to jump to specific camera positions bind comma spectator_camera_position 1 bind period spectator_camera_position 2 bind semicolon spectator_camera_position 3 # set right shift key to cycle through the first 3 camera positions alias next_camera add spectator_camera_position_from_zero 1 3 bind right_shift next_cameraFixes:Fixed memory leaks with custom assets when changing urls on an already loaded custom object.Fixed ui search overlapping issues.Fixed with hackers being able to delete objects without being admin.Fixed hand zones not working on colliders that where child objects.Fixed flick tooltip showing garbage.v11.2.1Custom Model Loading:Speed up loading of cached models by up to 20 times with new .rawm format and \"Models Raw\" folder.This uses the same principle as the what we've done to the images to speed up loading of your .obj files.Spectator Mode:Added `spectator_activate_with_resolution` command.Fixed spectator window freezing after returning to main menu.Fixed post processing on spectator window.Fixes:Fixed scroll bar in Configuration > UI > MISC.Fixed normals maps not working with non square images.Fixed issues with XML UI rich text.,https://steamcommunity.com/games/TabletopSimulator/announcements/detail/1610510924010051118,Since the new update i can't play multiplayer games. If I play alone everything works, but when i try to join a friend's multiplayer game, Tabletop Simulatop stop responding immediately after joining the game (if I'm hosting the game, when my friend joins...,I use Windows 10. I have even experimented with making copies of both .png and .jpg images. Sometimes it worked. Now not even more!Previously the images I use in my tolken and tiles models, loaded. Gradually one by one stopping to carry.,So this week i spent about 5-10 hellbreaking hours (i like to go overboard on world visuals) setting up a gorgeous waterfall/creek scene with the general waterfall and river effects that can be found on multiple different workshop maps. I was setting this..."
"29"	"1001320"	"World of Warplanes -P-39N-1 Pack"	2018-12-21	14.99	"Action,Free to Play,Massively Multiplayer,Simulation"	"About This ContentThis DLC is not compatible with an account created outside Steam.Surprise your opponent with a powerful fire of a large-caliber cannon and a whole machine-gun battery! The “Cobra” will be even more dangerous with an experienced pilot! P-39N-1 is a U.S.A. Tier VI fighter with numerous and powerful forward-firing weapons represented by a 37-mm autocannon, two 12.7-mm and four 7.62-mm machine guns. An advantageous aerial combat tactic for P-39N-1 will be an unexpected attack on the enemies already engaged in battle. High firepower allows you to destroy the opponent rapidly, and, in case of danger, you can count on your allies’ help.DLC Content:Bell P-39N-1 Airacobra, U.S.A. Tier VI fighter: Powerful weapons, effective boost and decent maneuverability - all this is the Airacobra! A great aircraft for fans of intense aerial combat that allows you to destroy almost any enemy with just a few hits of a 37-mm autocannonFully trained pilot with 5 skill pointsCustomization set: a unique paint scheme, emblem and nose artHangar slot: allows you to put your warbird in the Hangar."	"Pilots!From May 1 till June 1, the Premium Shop will offer you bundles for making your game more comfortable! You can receive:  Premium aircraft  gold  supply cratesThis offer is available from May 1 (04:20 PT / 07:20 ET) till June 1 (04:20 PT / 07:20 ET)Little tricksThis package contains: 1 000 goldBonus: x2 Supply cratesRestriction: Can be purchased three times per accountMay Starter BundleThis package contains: 5 000 goldBonus: Breda Ba.27 Metallico х1 100% trained crew х1 Hangar slotNote that the bundle items that come as a bonus will not be compensated.,NA and EU?,Pilots!From May 2 till May 26, join the in-game event to add some high-tier Soviet bombers to your Hangar: Tupolev Tu-2 Tupolev Tu-10 Tupolev Tu-12General informationThe Red Comet event will run from May 2 till May 26. The event will be divided into four stages, each stage will contain two identical phases, during which you will have to fight in several battle modes: Bomber Escort, Invasion, Conquest and Attrition.Only aircraft of Tiers IV-X can take part in the event.MissionsDuring each phase, you will have to complete: 3 personal missions for each aircraft type. You will earn gold and supply crates by completing the missions One global mission for all players. Upon completing this mission, you will double the number of supply crates earned, which contain valuable rewards.The progress of personal and global missions is reset after the completion of each phase.Stage I: Steel DefensePhase 1: From May 2 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 3 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Phase 2: From May 4 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 5 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Battle mode: AttritionStage II: Comet StrikePhase 1: From May 9 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 10 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Phase 2: From May 11 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 12 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Battle mode: EscortStage III: Broken SwordPhase 1: From May 16 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 17 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Phase 2: From May 18 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 19 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Battle mode: ConquestStage IV: Air DominationPhase 1: From May 23 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 24 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Phase 2: From May 25 (14:00 PT / 17:00 ET) till May 26 (20:00 PT / 23:00 ET)Battle mode: InvasionSupply Crate Rewards Premium aircraft Operation orders to obtain new Soviet bombers Gold Days of Premium Account Equipment (Improved, Advanced, Ultimate; period II-III) Pilots and gunners with free skill points Hangar slots Free XP Consumables (period II-III) Ammunition (period II-III) MaterialsYou can use  tokens to purchase two supply crates per day.Tokens will be available for purchase every week – from Wednesday (22:00 PT) / Thursday (01:00 ET) till Sunday (22:00 PT) / Monday (01:00 ET).After all event stages end, from May 26 till June 2, you can finish executing operation orders and open supply crates.,Beta player here, I was wondering what the game is like currently. I hear 2.0 is a completely different game and its overall pretty dead(Though easy to grind),Unable to connect since last 24 hours to any server, is anyone else facing the same issue?,Don't miss extra XP,  discounts on aircraft as well as other rewards on this weekend!NAThe following missions and bonuses are available from April 26 at 04:20 PT / 07:20 ET till April 29 at 04:20 PT / 07:20 ETEUThe following missions and bonuses are available from April 26 at 05:00 (UTC) till April 29 at 05:00 (UTC)Bonuses and Discounts Triple XP for the first victory of the day. 50% off the following aircraft: Kawasaki Ki-10 Nakajima Ki-27 Nakajima Ki-43-I Hayabusa Nakajima Ki-43-II Hayabusa30% off the following aircraft: Kawasaki Ki-61 Hien Nakajima Ki-84 Hayate 15% off the following aircraft: Tachikawa Ki-94-II Tachikawa Ki-162-I Tachikawa Ki-162-IIIMissions «Storm from the East»Target ☆ Be in the top 3 by Personal PointsConditions ☆ 15 times per account ☆ Only for the above-discounted aircraftReward ☆  +25% credits «Thrill of the Hunt»Target ☆ Earn 7.000 personal points in one battle ☆ Destroy 1 of the above-discounted aircraft Conditions ☆ 15 times per accountReward ☆ x1 Engine Cooling (Period III) «Advanced Invader»Target ☆ Capture 50 sectors in any number of battlesConditions ☆ Once per account ☆ Tiers IV+Reward ☆ x1 Improved High-Speed Gas Turbine (Period II),I've been playing on the NA server but the Ping is terribleI've tried to connect to the Asia server but it tells me that the server is unavailable or to check if my network is correctAnyone else having trouble with this? ,I moved a pilot from my Tier V Spitfire to my Tier VI Spitfire. I retrained him (he went down to 50%), then I used a training booster, and now I only have access to 75% of his universal skills and Skill point receiving is suspended (locked.) Unless I'm ...,Posted: April 29Early Access ReviewEvery time i finish a match, Game Freezes and i can't get the battle Result off of the screen, fix this ; Until it is fixed i don't recommend this.,Posted: April 28Early Access ReviewIt's a nice semi-sim. Not as in depth as War thunder. It's better for those looking for something they can pick up and have a good time.,Posted: May 1Early Access ReviewWish it had a cockpit view and a few more aircraft but still a awesome game!"
"30"	"247120"	"Portal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack"	2013-09-20	NA	"Adventure,Action,Free to Play,Multiplayer,Puzzle,Singleplayer,First-Person,FPS,Robots,Strategy,Masterpiece"	"About This GamePortal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack is a free stand-alone game, developed with the Intel Perceptual Computing SDK, custom-designed for exclusive use with the Creative Senz3D depth and gesture camera, which is required to play this title. Portal 2 is not required to play Portal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack.Product FeaturesPortal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack enables players to experience the Portal 2 world with low latency, intuitive and immersive motion control using their hands.One to One: Reach into the environments with your hands, place cubes and redirect lasers with precision, intuitively.7 new exclusive maps: The Portal 2 Sixense Perceptual Pack includes a set of custom single-player maps with puzzles specifically designed for the Creative Senz3D camera."	"Posted: October 31, 2015Play Portal or Portal 2. The game itself is great. This garbage, though... I have the Senz3D and it was the worst investment I ever made. The technology leads to tired arms and anger over having to let the camera figure out where you are all the time. Not only that, but Intel antiquated the technology used in it not long after I bought it by making it incompatible with RealSense, although it is technicaly capable (Yes, I've been able to use the Senz3D with the RealSense SDK). Is this the game's fault? No. How can I, in all good conscience, hold the technology against the game? I don't. My recommendation is based on the fact that you can get Portal 2, and don't need a Senz3D. If I can sway at least one person from buying that stupid device from eBay because of some strange desire to play this title, then the world will be a better place.December 2015 UPDATE--------------------------I was just taking a look at my recommendations and see that this currently has 2 of 6 people backing my opinion. I just wanted to say that those four poor souls who don't agree with me are probably not terribly eager to admit that their Senz3D purchase was a mistake. When they wake up and realize that it was, I will gladly accept their turn-around votes. Or, hey, I guess they could just be having boat-loads of fun looking at the solar system demo, flicking those little glass balls around or, well, I guess playing this one and only mainstream half-game for the device. (If you got duped by Creative too, you'll understand this). Whatever the situation, I just want to reiterate: DO NOT BUY A CREATIVE SENZ3D, ESPECIALLY JUST TO PLAY THIS.,Posted: March 23, 2017This sullys the very name of the Portal franchise.$200+ for an antiquated peripheral that is only useful for this game.Jesus, even the shovelware \"survival games\" that get thrown onto Steam willy-nilly don't have THAT high of an asking price.,Posted: March 8, 20151. If the Game Crasches after Launch, you might want to Check if you have all the requirements.    It States that you Require a Creativ Senz3D Camera.2. You DO NOT require Portal 2 to Play this Game!3. If you have any Problems DO NOT post them as Reviews, go to the Descussion Tab!!!!And lastly my Review.I really like Portal, so I downloaded this because it was shown as a Game I might Like on Steam. After it Crashed on launch I asked GOOGLE for a solution and found out that it requires a Camera.The Developer, or even the Steam Team, should consider making the FIRST Picture you see on the Shop Site a Clear notice that you requre that Camera!I will go and try if I can get the Camera, because from the very few Reviews that wer not Spam, I got the impression that this is a fun Game to Play.To the Dev: Next time consider doing the Camera Controlls as a Optional Control Methode beside Keybord+Mouse, more like a Controller. You can use it but you do not have to.AND: Please try making it more obvious that this Title requres that Camera...EDIT 02.02.2016: It has now been made very clear on the Storepage that this title requires a camera so this review is outdated. The review section is no longer flooded with the Crash after Start Problem and most review now are very helpfull. Now my review is the only non-helpfull one. :D,Posted: June 18, 2018doesn't even open,Posted: April 30.1 hrs on recordPOSTED: 8 MARCH, 20151. If the Game Crasches after Launch, you might want to Check if you have all the requirements.It States that you Require a Creativ Senz3D Camera.2. You DO NOT require Portal 2 to Play this Game!3. If you have any Problems DO NOT post them as Reviews, go to the Descussion Tab!!!!,Posted: December 16, 2014You need the camera to make it work. It is a two port optic camera that translates your movement to the screen.    But Steam needs a Portal 3 to come out and the demand is there. Shame on you Chell.,Posted: November 25, 2018Nice story,Posted: December 4, 2013Requires a 200$ camera to play, but it's worth every cent! It comes with one new map which lasts 30 seconds, I was basically blown away!!!,Posted: July 18, 2018good,Posted: February 27This needs to be updated for use with Tobii's eye tracker and or with vr controllersbtw don't buy the camera, it's not worth that pricejust buy a used ps3, those motion controllers, the camera needed and a copy of portal 2 it's way cheaper"
"31"	"561534"	"Yuri - Awesomenauts Character"	2017-04-26	4.99	"Strategy,Action,Indie"	"About This ContentPurchasing Yuri will permanently unlock this character in Awesomenauts. The character can also be purchased with Awesomepoints in-game.Yuri is a complex supportive character that can fly around and pelt areas with damaging mines. He can also create a timebubble that slows enemies and speeds up allies. He comes equipped with the following abilities:Pelt your enemies with mines that detonate upon contact.Generate a time-warping field, slowing enemies around you.Fry your his enemies with a concentrated beam of pure energy.Once part of the Soviet space program, Yuri was a monkey, experimentally shot into space during the 1960's cold war space race. Mysteriously, monitoring soviet scientists suddenly lost track of monkey Yuri's spacecraft.Puzzled by its sudden disappearance, Soviet space-command wondered what had become of their beloved test-pet Yuri. Little did they know that Yuri's spacecraft had entered a warpfield anomaly and was transported hundreds of years into the future!Also, the warpfields radiation boosted Yuri's mind to superintelligent levels. The new, more intelligent, mad and slightly sadistic Yuri quickly grasped the situation and modified his broken rocket into an equally mad timetraveling supercomputer jetpack.With the jetpack translating everything Yuri says and does, enemies are never quite sure who is in control, the mad scientist monkey, or the computer it created?"	"This week's sweet deals are live! All the skins, Nauts and announcers that are featured are 60% off! That's our biggest discount ever! These Nauts are also unlocked in-game this week for everyone to play, on top of our regular unlock rotation! 🎉Score the sweet deals here: https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Skins:Coco McFly Ravishing Raelynn Demon Skolldir Cheerleader Penny Ahrpl Party Boy McPain Summertime Chucho Soulhuntress RaelynnNauts:Skolldir Penny Fox Derpl Zork Chucho Krokk Qi'TaraAnnouncers:SUSI Announcer The Mind Collection Announcer,Here is mine. Why wouldn't you  share your code with us?  QUH4-VP48-PA4G This thread only works as intended, if you randomly pick someone's Recruitment code, while leaving yours for the rest of us. 1:1 is a fair trade, amirite? Find you...,HI,Is there a faster way to gain solar?Thanks,Awesomenauts will soon be celebrating its 7th birthday! To spice up the party, we will be having the biggest and longest sale we’ve EVER had! Starting from Monday April 22nd, selected characters, skins and announcers will be 60% off, these corresponding characters will also be unlocked and playable for everyone (on top of the random weekly rotation)! Sales and characters are renewed every Monday and this cycle will go on for at least the next 2 months (and most likely longer)! More details of Nauts’ birthday celebrations will follow in due course 👍This is a great time to introduce a friend who you think might like Nauts, they'll get to play the complete roster over the coming weeks and also score some sweet deals! 👌We've recently also started a series on our weekly stream (https://www.twitch.tv/ronimogames) where community members teach Niel how to play their favourite Nauts and try to get him to League 1. If you're interested in becoming Niel's coach and joining us on stream, send Niel a message on discord (https://discordapp.com/invite/ronimo). It's a lot of fun but be prepared to get frustrated 😜P.S: Also keep an eye out for weeks where we unlock all characters for everyone!For a taster, get these skins 60% off now! https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Grandmaster Splash   Mousquetaire Leon   Disco Voltar   Kage Genji   Gnabot   Dragon Huntress Ksenia   Unicorn Nibbs   Dark Masquerade   Qi’Tara,Posted: April 30Long wait in Q for games + toxic community,Posted: May 1It's perfectly fine as a 2D moba. Issue now is really just there are barely any players so matchmaking is shot. Bots are ok, but it gets boring after awhile. It's had it's day, but it's also free if you want to give it a go by all means.,Posted: April 30not very awesome, for me the game just doesnt seem a fit but maybe some of you could give it a try,What is the Future of Ronimo?New Game?Continuing development until Awesomenauts is completely dead? ,Too often a poorly matched match occurs because the best players for that match were still in a game at the time the queue ended. Please add a checkbox on queuing that says \"Skip to next queue if a suitable match is not found.\" This way one could play 1 g...,I've noticed there's an easy way to tell if your teammates suck based on the way they move.The way their strafe patterns are, the way they manage around jump pads and platforms, if you press 2 and see what their response is (do they move immediately base..."
"32"	"564730"	"Skin - Maniac Gunner Pirate"	2016-12-20	1.99	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Massively Multiplayer,Indie"	"About This ContentThe \"Maniac Gunner Pirate\" skin features:- Fully animated exclusive skin!- Original voice acting by Ashley Marku- All abilities have Maniac Gunner themed visuals!- A Maniac Gunner themed HUD!- A Maniac Gunner themed portrait!"	"We have now released 3.0 into beta. DISCLAIMER: If you don't want to loose your saves, leaderboard scores etc make a NEW ACCOUNT for playing the beta. If you use your main account many things will be deleted / reset.Opt into the beta:Here are the current patch notes for the BETA:PATCH 3.0 Major Changes - Whole game engine re-programmed for better performance- Saving and Loading improved for faster speed.- View Port for the game is now 1024x576 instead of 966x544- Hero Level now has its own talent tree so you can decide how to better build your class- The game now also supports 120FPS which makes it more smoother for good PC's!- You can now jump on any class by default = Spacebar (Xbox \"A\") or (PS4 \"X\")- Minions are now Mercenaries and you can choose between melee, ranged and magic mercenary. - Melee merc skill trees are Offensive/Defensive - Ranged merc skill trees are Marksman/Sharpshooter - Magic merc skill trees are Offensive/HealingNetworking- Every player can now go to any zone without being dependent of the host- Re-written all code in the networking engine for better performance, stability and experience- Fixed host/client dealing and taking damage bugs.Gameplay- You can now shoot 360 degrees, any direction you desire.- All items and loot is now pickable and wont be autopicked, including relics gold keys etc.- Enemies can now be seen behind large objects with shader outlinesLoot- Removed Chest / Helm synergies from the game.- All loot is now hand crafted, no more spell weapons with strength etc.- Weapons now have types, and only specific classes can use specific typesContent- Death reason is back, better than before!- Weapons now show on your character! (This part took LONG!)- Added 8 unique hand crafted dungeons for EACH ACT!- Added 7 new runes- We have added an additional item slot for SHIELDS! Which can be used with one hand weapons!- 10+ Zone based unique dungeons with specific loot drops added to the game- Unstable rifts added to the game, random portal that spawns and takes you to the rift which gives loot as reward!Balance- Max level lowered to 100- Difficulties lowered to 3 (Normal, Nightmare, Hell)- Enemies now scale based on Areas and difficulty, not player level- Difficulties now only increase loot drop chance instead of quality- iLevel is now capped, and items can be upgraded up to level 10 with satanic dust and rubies.- Runes are now applied into items, the talent rune tab has been removed completely.- Classes no longer have stat synergies that dont work on them (STR classes wont have ENERGY, and wise versa)- There is now 3 different damage factors, Range and Melee that work with STR and Spell that works with Energy (so casters damage scales with energy)- Life & Mana per hit is now determined by your weapon's damage, not players max hp.- Equipping items will keep your mana to max mana and hp to max hp as it was before equipping.- Slow on enemies now also affects their attack speed- Bosses have a 0.5 second immunity upon spawning.Relics- Ankh and Holy Water have been removed from the game, HC needs to be HC and people shouldnt be farming for these relics just because \"they are mandatory\".- Shocker cooldown decreased from 7.5 to 2 seconds.Graphics- All loot graphics have been re-made with a higher quality standard- Added enemy death animations- GUI Elements made better- Text more readable- Weapon animations are now shown for idle, walk and attacking.Improvements- Movement, glitching etc has a major improvement- Item comparision graphics in your inventory list shows very accurate indications now (Green/Red arrows for offensive, defensive and utility)Sound- Soundwork in the game improved, added unique death sounds to all enemies and more!- Added ambient & athmospheric sounds- Added unique attack swing sounds to all weapons- Tuned the overall sound levels, mixed by our new sound guy- Lowered music sound levels,I don't play for a while. After coming back for the beta I see a new \"hero talent tree\". How to get points for that tree?Thx for answer... :-),whats wrong with the leaderboards?Hero Level Ranking there are so few people and I am not listed with lvl 86 even though there are not much in that region.And are those leaderboards full with cheater? Rank 1 wormhole 3000, Rank 2 wormhole 500 seems ...,Ladies and Gents,We stream development frequently on twitch, if you wish to check us up go to https://www.twitch.tv/panicartstudios/You are free to come by and ask any questions and we will try our best to give you answers! We also take suggestions and like to talk about how to improve the game!!,So they said something about \"New Account\", what do they mean by that? Cause I don't want to lose all of my lvl 70s and 80s. I need to know what they mean, and how to do it.,Hey guys I download the beta but the game is like 2 fps (even if I'm 60 fps always) but it's unplayable, any issue to correct this bug ?,On HS3 beta there is a new class, Shield Lancer, that just says Exclusive... I don't see anything on the store page, and searching \"Shield Lancer\" and \"Lancer\" return nothing in the forums. I haven't kept up with the game much as of late, so forgive me pl...,Hello!We have been working quietly and hard for the past 4 months. We are soon ready for public beta on the update, but are still polishing a few things!Here are some of the 3.0 features!ItemsTon of hand crafted items and more stat varieties like cold damage, lightning damage, poison damage, mana per second, hp per second, mana after kill, hp after kill, magic find etc etc.RunesRunes are no longer upgraded or have a star rating. Runes are what they are and can be equipped into weapons as well as the new gems!Satanic UpgradesSince we capped ilevel and hand crafted satanics to suite different classes and playstyles we added a way to upgrade the item 10 times to have a sense of progression! New EnemiesWe have been adding quite a lot of new stuff in the game, including new enemies :) More area varityThere will be a bunch of unique dungeons tied to a specific act and zone where specific stuff like runes drop more frequently.Art improvementsAll the boss lairs now have a really unique feeling and atmosphere along with the game overall. All weapons in the game can be seen on your hero when equipped, and they all have unique attack animations too! :)Shield LancerWe are also launching a new class \"Shield Lancer\" with the 3.0 patch!Stay tuned for more updates!,Posted: May 1i purchased the game when it was brand new. now it charges money for anything past the base game. (which was all there was back when i bought it) i thought buying it early on, would be that i would at least get any added content for free. (it's generally assumed) but they want actual money for characters and skins. if we were able to earn them in-game at least it would feel like there was progression that actually went toward something.used to be great. felt like it was going somewhere. but now it just feels like diablo without the ability to play the classes i want to play. i didn't want to buy this game twice, that's for sure. do yourself a favor and don't buy it once.,Posted: May 1grinding without purpose,Posted: April 30Kinda nice"
"33"	"954606"	"Groove Coaster - SACRIFICE feat. ayame (GC REFIX)"	2018-11-13	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentTouhou Project music DLC for Groove CoasterTitle: SACRIFICE feat. ayame (GC REFIX)Artist: Alstroemeria Records*Arrange from Touhou EiyashouDifficulty: Simple 2 / Normal 6 / Hard 10 / EXTRA 12BPM: 180"	"Groove Coaster fans, this bi-weekly release will have Touhou fans jumping for joy with a double DLC Pack release!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10809/Touhou DLC Pack 07 GROOVE IT LUCKY (GC Mix) / A-One - Arrange from Touhou Fuujinroku Itazura Sensation / Shinra-bansho - Arrange from Touhou Koumakyou (K)Night of (K)Nights  Butaotome ver. / beatMARIO x Butaotome - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Souchimai / COSIO - Arrange from Touhou Chireiden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"CIRNO\" avatar for use in game.https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10810/Touhou DLC Pack 08 Captain Murasa [Tracy vs. Astronomical Mix] / Amateras Records - Arrange from Touhou Seirensen Secret God Matara -HYPER TECHNO MIX-  / Yu Shimoda (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Tenkuushou (K)Night of (K)Nights  feat. ytr -TOS Remix / beatMARIO x TAMAONSEN - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Gaimaden / MASAKI (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Kanjyuden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"SYAMEIMARU\" avatar for use in game.,Thanks for keeping this game up and running, but the latest update (Apr 22 2019) removed EN language. I may be one of the few who uses EN but it would be nice to keep playing with my only spoken language.,Due to the continued growth of the music list, we noticed that the game start up time have increased. We have worked on improving the game start up speeds by looking into the connection process and how data is handled. By using the latest version  (ver1.2.1.0007), we have updated the game to start up faster.  We hope that you will continue to enjoy GrooveCoaster. Additional InfoThe latest version has been tested and updated. We have also prepared a way to use the old build, in case you have trouble with the new system build, Right click and open the menu by selecting the GrooveCoaster icon in the [Library]   Select, “Property”, “Beta”,”Old Version”, to play the game with the previous build.*The game client will be started with the Ver1.2.1.0006 build.*This version will be removed after we have confirmed the newest build is stable.,the game still have a lot of problems from day one until now, and get more troubles with the last \"update\"- Rip english languagebut... meanwhile on the early builds, we have:- Still broken offset- No \"fast/slow\" indicators meanwhile the arcade versi...,Groove Coaster fans you ready for some tricky tunes by t+pazolite? This weeks pack has the song \"Good Night, Bad Luck.\" clocking in at 285 BPM! So get those fingers flexed and kiss your keyboard goodbye, as it's about to get real! We have a total of 4 DLC songs in this DLC pack, details following below. As always the songs can be bought as single DLC for $1.99 or can be purchased as a 4 song DLC Pack at 20% off!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10637/t+pazolite Pack Good Night, Bad Luck. / t+pazolite Groove Prayer -tpz Despair Remix- / t+pazolite QLWA / t+pazolite Satisfiction (Massive New Krew Remix) / t+pazolite,Posted: April 29Poor experience, I could've only done the tutorial and then the game crashes. WHenever I restart it, it closes itself after the \"welcome to Groove Coaster\" sound.Seems like sone ppl have same bugs as me, but the thread was started on August, 2018.Nothing done to this day, so...,What's weird is that sometimes they register so idkEDIT:  I meant scratches (title said slides)And the weirdness seems to be when transitioning to or from a scratch to another action where you have to hold.I think it's 'cuz my gamepad doesn't have a...,We haven't had a hundred concurrent players in months. This is sad. We are not going to get much developer support without players. Because the developers don't get paid if there aren't people buying the game.Is the market not aware of the game? Is the ...,I've sunk nearly 100$ into this game, and people are still upset about various things.Until the devs work on it, and actually improve the game - i'm done feeding the cash cow.i love the game, don't get me wrong - but I feel you are making more than enou...,Posted: May 4I like the arcade version of this game. Unfortunately I can't recommend the PC version. Even if it says \"full controller support\" it actually requires some tedious switching, and it somehow doesn't work the way you think it would work. You also don't have access to all the songs. I understand they need to pay for the licensing for all of the songs, but it's so expensive (even as a bundle and when on sale!) that it doesn't feel worth it.Also honestly it's actually a pretty bad rhythm game (coming from a veteran of DDR, DanceManiaX, GitaDora, Pump It Up, Ez2Dancer/Ez2Dj, and many many other rhythm games). The way the camera and perspective changes during the song can (and is meant to) throw you off, which is completely unnecessary for rhythm games tbh. It isn't the same as BPM shifts or stops in other games. You can see the notes coming but the depth perception issues can cause you to miss anyway, until you memorize the song at least.But of course once you do memorize the song you get into a groove and it feels good. That's what I liked about it in the arcades. But yeah most of my favorite songs are DLCs. Not worth it to me."
"34"	"556850"	"Handy Dice"	2017-04-19	2.99	"Early Access,Utilities,Early Access"	"About This SoftwareHandy Dice allows you to roll many kinds of dice. Its main features are:The coin, and each die available in the program (D4, D6, D8, D10, D100, D12, D20) has its own 3D model. Handy Dice is NOT just a random number generator!Every time a die is rolled, its initial position and orientation are different, as also are the strength and spin applied to it.Any of the dice already on the table can be re-rolled. The dice realistically move and collide with the table and one another.The program can add up all the dice on table, or sort them according to their value.It is possible to roll the dice in two different ways:one Die At the Time.All at the same time, after selecting the desired amount of each kind of die: 3D6, 1D10+1D4...[/list]Dice combinations can be stored, and later loaded by just pressing a button (macros).Use custom textures on your dice and make them suitable for any game.Play between platforms, fully compatible with Android version which you can get on Play Store Play Store.Steam version of Handy Dice features Workshop capabilities, so you can upload and share your own custom dice or download the creations of other users!"	"Posted: March 9Early Access Reviewyou cannot reroll the dice you spawn therefore you have to respawn 2 different dice every time you want to roll a d100 very annoying and makes game unusable for myself"
"35"	"965200"	"Walking Zombie 2"	NA	NA	"Indie,Action"	"About This GameThe world after the zombie apocalypse is a grim place. You were born into it so you will have to struggle to survive and fight against many kinds of zombies, bandits and dangerous boss monsters. You will be taking important story quests and many side quests, level-up your skills and perks, sell and buy equipment and communicate with (un)lucky survivors.Survival RPG and first person shooterWalking Zombie 2 is good old FPS with story, tens of quests and a lot of shooting stuff with different weapons. Your main enemies are zombies who already control the world - they are everywhere, in many different kinds and - most importantly - in great numbers. You will be using guns with different ammo, grenades or melee weapons to dispose of them and you will be able to heal yourself with medkits and food. As you complete more and more quests, your character will become stronger with better equipment, enhanced skills and gained perks. Will you have more hitpoints, better chance when lockpicking locks or lower fuel consumption while driving across the world map?FeaturesGood old singleplayer post-apocalyptics FPSAttractive modern polygon graphics styleKarma system - good and bad deeds open new options and encountersTens of story and side questsMany weapons, protective gear and other equipmentWeapon skinsVariety of enemies - zombie walkers, bandits, huge boss mutantsTraders in settlementsFun minigames and sniper missionStory of the Chosen one with tragic pastCan your story end happily if its start was already pretty tragic? Thanks to the circumstances surrounding your birth, you are the only person that can save the world. You are immune to the effects of virus that turns people and animals into zombies. That also makes you a perfect weapon against undead masters of the planet and the symbol of hope for a better tomorrow. Find out whole truth about your origin and search for the way to create cure - together with friends you make on your path, despite the dangers lurking behind every corner."	""
"36"	"623198"	"Fate/EXTELLA - Charming Bunny"	2017-07-25	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentIn the digital realm of SE.RA.PH, the Holy Grail War is over, but the land’s new ruler faces challenges and threats from all sides. The servants now find themselves drawing up tense and unlikely alliances, preparing for a conflict that may tear SE.RA.PH apart...or destroy it entirely.DLC:Charming Bunny"	" We're passing along your issues to the developers, who are trying to find solutions! Thank you for your patience! Hey everyone,I wanted to make a central bug thread so you guys know what we're working on and what information we need before we,Posted: April 28Very nice Fate series game, the game is more towards fan-service, eg. Nero, Tamamo and Altera, the 3 main servants are basically fan favorite in FGO. Regardless, the gameplay is basically Hack N' Slash game, the abilities are great, and they're quite easy to perform as well.The story is 'ok', not very good nor bad. The bad thing about the story is you don't have autoplay, so you need to keep tapping the next button after dialogues. And it's also quite lengthy, some scene will took about 20 min to finish. You'll spend most of your time for the story/VN than battle, which only took around 10-20 min.If you played F/E Link already, you might not like the combat of this game as they're quite different. That game is more of a refine version of this game. But I'd recommend to try out this game as well, especially if you're more interested towards the story.,Posted: April 281200% UMU! :3,Posted: May 3UMU,Looks like March 12th acording to amazon,Hello! I have a weird bug in this mission, when V.Saber is flying and you have to avoid those dangerous obstacles in a tunel. The first time, everything works, but when I re enter the ship for the second time I always get stuck just before I get to the ...,众所周知，连码都不打的夏娃年代记（Evenicle）已经上架steam，G胖的一纸新约创造了一个新时代，从前Fate/Staynight因为色情内容无法上架steam的说法已经无法成立。那么，Fate/Staynight、魔夜和月姬...,Coming Q1 of 2019.Sourcehttp://www.xseedgames.com/2018/10/31/fate-extella-link-brings-action-to-more-platforms-with-added-nintendo-switch-in-north-america-and-steam-world-wide-release/"
"37"	"563300"	"Mysterium - Hidden Signs"	2017-01-13	1.99	"Strategy"	"About This ContentThe haunted manor still holds a few secrets…In Hidden Signs, the first expansion for Mysterium, you must again try to clarify the circumstances of the ghost’s death.The plot thickens, as the psychics consider all-new leads: 6 suspects, 6 locations and 6 objects.To help them in this task, the ghost has 42 new vision cards with which to communicate more effectively.Return to the manor – your seat at the séance table awaits…"	"I bought the bundle which includes the game and 2 extra packs of cards, but I'm not able to access the cards. When I checked to make sure my account was linked, it said my steam id is #123456789 and does nothing when I click \"unlink steam\" to put in my re...,I'm playing the story mode, and I've reached the level/chapter titled Breaking Point. However, when I get to the final stage (identifying the true culprit) only one of the clue cards is face-up. Since I don't even know whether the card represents the susp...,i just eat up achievements,I've enjoyed the game in general, but people seem to have, either intentionally or not, limited the ways they can read cards.The most common of these is people who simply refuse to use color as a clue. Obviously if you have a more obvious card you go wit...,+1,Posted: May 5Mysterium's a great game. It works pretty perfectly as a digital game because the lack of communication and banter doesn't really hurt it like it does in many games, since the ghost can't talk anyway, and the psychics can point things out through chat and a pinging on the cards to note bits of them system which is quite neat. The lobby does seem quite dead, but playing with strangers isn't nearly as fun anyway, especially as some meta and knowing your friends' thinking is what really makes this game shine, and if you have interested people to set up a game with, it's a wonderful time.Here's the only caveat: Tabletop Simulator exists. I feel a little bad saying that, since there is this digital version, but you can get the Tabletop Simulator version free (if you own Tabletop Simulator) and this one isn't house rule-able or moddable. You're forced to use their strict timers - but no stricter, and one variant mode, rather than the... limitless ways you can tweak it in the tabletop or Tabletop Simulator versions. And since the replay value is inherently a bit limited with this game, and printing out new cards to add to your games is what let it stay part of my group for ages, the lack of moddability is significant, in my opinion. And if you're buying the physical version, or this version, I see nothing ethically wrong with using Tabletop Simulator. Definitely support the developers. Just... if you're up for learning Tabletop Simulator's interface, and you know you love this game enough to want to be able to add more cards to it - or if bits of it bug you and you want the freedom to change them... that's the much better option.P.S. If you're interested in singleplayer card games, I'm trying to inform on/curate them with a curator page."
"38"	"1033460"	"DOA6 Character: Ayane"	2019-03-15	3.99	"Action"	"About This ContentDownload this to use Ayane in DEAD OR ALIVE 6: Core Fighters.Note: This content is only for the holders of the DEAD OR ALIVE 6: Core Fighters version of the game.(This content may be offered for free for a limited period of time.)"	"Posted: March 15Ayane has slways been a longtime favorite of mine since Dead or Alive 2. Her front and back stance are back in full-force in DOA6 with some new ninpo abilities.Not too fond her new default costume, but her main costumes from previous entries return."
"39"	"498790"	"Insanity Clicker - Collection Pack"	2016-07-08	19.99	"Strategy,Indie,Simulation,Casual,Adventure,RPG,Free to Play"	"About This ContentGot a bit tired of clicking insane monstrosities to death? Dare yourself to look into the very faces of Pandemonium! This bundle includes a unique item set of highest quality with randomly generated stats, 500 crystals and the sweetest pie – the art book of Insanity, lovely composed and masterfully crafted by our artists long since crazy from tight schedules and art manager’s unholy ravings."	"Soldiers and battlers! Have you met a person with nickname NRaider? Not so long ago he was banned for using cheats in PvP battles. :no_entry: Yesterday he sent us a video with his fair play proof. Now we need your opinion! Let's have a discussion about th...,We welcome and encourage you to share your ideas through our community. Many members of our сommunity have suggested some great ideas that improve the game in some way. Particularly lately, we've had a large number of suggestions, but some have been dif...,Every time I open the game it does not connect and close. Sometimes up to 3 times. Out when I'm in the middle of the game or in a duel and the connection to the server fails.,верните чат! когда его починяют????,I keep getting this error message what do I do?SAPI:request takes longer than 20000 ms. request: authorize FPS: 0I don't know what to do about this.Any help would be apprieciated.Thanks for listening.,Posted: May 2This is my first go on an idle / clicker game.Obviously I’m no expert at this genre butI must say that I do like this game.It has a “how far can you go” factor backed upWith a Start again but powered up “rinse and repeat” function.This game does not overwhelm you with stats it’s just math.I believe that this game can add to your math and logic skills.Insanely addictive.Well done."
"40"	"374750"	"Rooms: The Unsolvable Puzzle - Original Soundtrack"	2015-05-27	2.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentOriginal Soundtrack of Rooms: The Unsolvable PuzzleComposed by Sean Junseok Lee and Rob Westwood1. Once Upon a Time2. The Mansion Returns3. First Tale4. The Twisted Mansion5. Second Tale6. Forgotten Passion7. Third Tale8. The Prisoner9. Fourth Tale10. Sympathy for the Toymaker11. The Drizzle Whispers12. The End"	"안녕하세요 이 게임이 한국 회사 게임이었군요...각종 난이도 선택은 엑박 패트로 되는데, 주인공 움직이는 거는 마우스만 가능해서... 패드로 게임을 할수가 없네요... 도와줘요... 패드 full sup...,Has anyone tried it?,- The background music becomes from time to time stuttering and robotic (seems to become slower).- Sometimes I can't click away the puzzle book with the tigger button and have to go back to the menu and start the room again.- New Steam Achievements are ...,I am trying to play this game on vive but when I finish the opening cinematic it places me far above the fountain. I am looking down at tiny icons and when i click enter and start a level I am still far above the roof of the house. I can't really see anyt...,How can I see happy ending? Is it exist???"
"41"	"687420"	"Lone Vessel"	2017-11-07	3.99	"Action,Indie,Adventure"	"About This GameLone Vessel is a top-down, roguelike space shooter. You are a small ship that must prepare for the invasion and survive as long as possible!Play-throughsEach play-through has two phases. The first being preparation, in which you explore the void and complete missions in order to gain credits, weapons and items.The second phase is the invasion, in which the player faces against increasingly frequent attacks of exotic enemies.The game is roguelike, with persistent attributes like scores and load-outs.Load-outsLoad-outs are different starting ships. Some emphasize different strategies (e.g. being tanky, running away, etc.), with different weapons and items. Load-outs are discovered and unlocked by doing a variety of things in the game.ArmamentsAn assortment of weapons can be obtained. Some weapons can shock chains of enemies, buffet them back, or pierce through multiple enemies for added effectiveness!Items can heal you, teleport you, spawn in friendly ships, place down buildings, and more!IntegrationAchievements can be unlocked in-game.When the game becomes eligible, trading cards will be added.Xbox 360 controllers are not supported. Note that the game can be played with or without a controller.The game can run without a graphics card, but for the steam overlay to properly hook, it is highly recommended that you have one of the graphics cards listed in the recommended specs.More information on recommended graphics cards: bottom of page"	""
"42"	"992260"	"牧剑(Tale Of Swords)"	NA	NA	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This Game《牧剑2》是九鼎工作室制作的一款仙侠题材的剧情向单机游戏，也是在牧剑系列世界观下的第二代作品。    没有缥缈恢弘的庞大设定，也没有宿命纠缠的爱恨情仇，牧剑希望讲述的，是一个有趣、引人入胜的故事而已。仙侠世界里，除了侠之大者为国为民、除了江湖儿女爱恨情仇，牧剑只想说说，那一柄剑、一壶酒，潇洒恣意的快哉江湖。    战斗上，我们也尝试着提供了更多的空间。为主角制作了新的招式，并且提供了一些可供修习的心法，在提升招式强度的同时，还可以改变招式的效果。希望能让大家的战斗体验有一个显著的提升。    感谢大家一直以来的支持。——联系方式——官方QQ群：75289222"	""
"43"	"814060"	"TT Isle of Man - Sidecar Thrill"	2018-05-24	6.99	"Simulation,Racing"	"About This Content\"Rediscover the Isle of Man race in solo or co-op mode, with the addition of 3 sidecars. An experience that completely changes the gameplay through different physics and handling, with new and intense sensations of speed but still just as demanding! In solo mode, you control the rider with one stick and the passenger with another, or let the AI control the passenger.Ask a friend to join you in co-op mode and have both of you complete the race. Decide who will be the rider and who will be the passenger! Coordination is the key to success.The DLC also includes French rider Xavier Denis of the Optimark team, with his motorbikes: the Kawasaki ZX10R in Superbike and the Honda CBR600RR in the Supersport category.\""	"I had really high hopes for this game.  Initially it did not work, as I am a PC Sim Racer like many others who have purchased this PC title and do NOT use kiddy controllers EVER.  I managed to get it running fairly good by using my wheel and pedals throug..., Superbike  1. Zakuya - 15:02.486  | 150.50mph | Suter MMX500 | ps4 pad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrUDaFf1SIY 2. Timbo - 15:05.760  | 149.96mph | Suter MMX500 | t500 wheel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvYDjuzQPpk 3. Xammond...,Hello !Cant find any game in online modus!! ,The sidecars were awesome but what about TT Classics? If you could add a classic TT bike which bike / rider would you like to have?,Have tried using a new Xbox 360 controller and it was very twitchy so then I switched to a older Xbox 360 and it seems to work a lot better smoother OK I don't know how to explain this but I think the problem with the way that the bike handles is the cont...,Posted: April 28I would echo others in not understanding the negative reviews. This game provides an accurate TT course with stunning visual realism. The sense of speed is totally awesome. As an actual bike rider for over 30 years, the physics is not perfect but is nowhere near as bad as some make out, nobody expects these bikes to be forgiving either. The keys to the game, learn the course, learn what gear you need to be in for each corner and where you need the bike positioned for that corner and the next. Visit the settings page for the controls and set them up to suit your style. The fact the best aid to getting good at this game is to watch actual rider videos and listen to their commentaries points to just how realistic this game really is. Best ignore those who struggle and complain, they honestly should not have expected to master the Snaefell Mountain Course without putting in the time and practice to learn it.  A year on I love this game more than ever.,Posted: April 30Product received for freeFantastic game."
"44"	"965210"	"Café International"	NA	NA	"Strategy,Casual,Card Game,Board Game,Multiplayer,Turn-Based,Addictive,Family Friendly,Turn-Based Strategy"	"About This GameThe legendary game (Board Game of The Year 1989 Germany, over one million sold) is back, a fun and challenging strategic board game!Using the officially licensed caricatures from the original board game, you'll find that not every guest wants to sit next to each other in Café International. So it's up to you to keep everyone happy, by seating them at the right tables, according to their nationality and gender to score maximum points.Every puzzle fan will simply love Café International! Although the rules are straightforward and the game is easy to play, it's sure to challenge even the most strategically gifted minds. To be awarded maximum points, you'll need to clear as many tables as possible by really thinking about where to seat your randomly chosen guest cards...Café International is packed with endless fun - it's the perfect way to test your strategic might against friends, family and colleagues!For an optimal adaptation, we blended the most popular rules of the boardgame and the cardgame to a great new playing experience. With a medium-sized and variable floorplan, this version offers not only the best possible overview about the available tables, but also revives all the well-known elements of the boardgame, like the bar and the Jokers.FeaturesStrategically place international guests at tables to earn pointsOptimized graphics for new iPad and iPhone 5 with full Retina supportQuick tutorial for an easy startHelp function for when you need visual cluesChoose from Multiplayer, Solitaire, Classic or Time GameAdd up to four players in Classic modeChallenge against up to 3 computer opponents each with 3 levels of skill"	""
"45"	"525660"	"Moonlit Mayhem™"	2016-10-04	2.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameMoonlit Mayhem is an arcade-style, Halloween themed, fast paced physics-based first person shooter that's kid-friendly but fun for all ages!  The game features 3 primary game modes and 1 bonus mode!  Story, Maze, and Arena modes offer a variety of exciting things to do and opportunities to get SPOOKED!  Maze Mode - Make your way through a randomly generated corn maze, collecting candy and avoiding enemies to reach the farm.Arena Mode - Fight through a pantheon of enemy hordes that get larger and more difficult as you fight.Story Mode - Journey across 3 worlds with 10 levels to go trick or treating and break an evil witch's curse.Moonlit Mayhem is designed to get your bones rattling, with a variety of enemies, locales and challenges.  The game features two unique weapons for dealing with the hordes of ghosts, spiders, grumpkins and bats.Now with Steam Tradings Cards, badges, 3 page backgrounds and 5 emoticons you can earn!This is Bloodmane Interactive's first game, and we hope you enjoy your time playing Moonlit Mayhem!A special thanks to everyone who backed us on Greenlight, where our game was formerly known as 'Manic Maze: Trick or Treat!\"."	"Posted: October 6, 2016*Noted inline where Negative issues have been addressed by the 1.01 patch (I still don't recommmend this, but it is improving. I will give it that.),,,if this is designed to be kid-friendly, it features some of the worst difficulty design of any game I've ever seen.It plays like One Day For Ched for Kids with some incredibly awful weapon physics.However, if the 'kid-friendly' was meant as a troll & it was meant to be either a hardcore shooter or a inobvious rage game then it worked.If 'One Day For Ched for Kids' doesn't make sense, good, you may have wasted less of your life than I have; here is that sentiment but in list form.Positives:- The environments were fine.- The sound was annoying but appropriately spoopy.- The second weapon you get is a skull with spinal cord which fires cannonballs & alternate fires a cluster of jiggly ghost skulls, this is the biggest plus in the game. I was also managing to hit enemies on the other side of walls with this, don't know if that was by design.Negatives (this one got updated after playing this for another hour...the positives did not):[FEATURE REMOVED] - Tried to use the 'Watch Intro' button, the first 3 times it played the first 3 seconds & then went back to then menu; the 4th time it played the whole way through. The cutscene was fine, it made an attempt at threading a story although the \"Egypt\" world boss is shown on top of a castle which is a different level set; that is just me being nitpicky, it is mainly the 4 times to watch it once that makes it a negative.[PATCHED] - Not that the games has Settings or Options from the ESC menu, but in-game, if you spawn into a level & press ESC (at least in the \"Egypt\" maze level) all of the skeleton & mummy enemies will get sucked through the walls of the level & mash up against the player. Oddly, not all the enemies get clipped through the level, the wobbly scarabs & the ghosts stayed in place.This isn't really positive or negative, just never seen it before in any game ever.[PATCHED] - Maze Mode will (maybe unintentionally) randomly generate a hedgemaze of the 5 times I loaded it, 3 times it didn't have an entrance & the other 2 times it was one corridor, an open field & the house with the candy dish which is the ending trigger. Dreadful.- Pumpkin Patch (the Bonus Mode) is a sandbox with all the assets of the game scattered around the map & a hedge maze, so you can make your own map I guess.- Enemies don't have useful audio cues, so you get snuck up on lots.- You can't look all the way up (I'm assuming going by player shadows that this is because you are an outline of one of the ghosts in Pac-Man, so you can't look up because you don't have a neck) & this makes dealing with flying enemies & enemies firing through the floors above you, an annoying chore.[PARTIAL FIX] - You get swarmed.[PARTIAL FIX] - Some enemy types & bosses seem to have nonsense amounts of health & deal too much damage (if this is kid-friendly). I say partial fix because you're often swarmed so it is hard to tell how much damage one-on-one enemies deal, you either get mullered or you take 5-10 damage from an encounter, it is all quite strange, but not like spooky.- The giant Egypt labyrinth where you collect at least four keys & then have to do first person platforming (where you stick to edges of platforms if you're too close) is an awful experience because labyrinth levels aren't very fun at all. [UPDATED: Figured out why I hated this so much the first time (I still hate it but this might help you fix why).The level is a horrible-to-navigate maze in a game with no minimap, where you have to find keys to open the Scarab doors to progress, but when you touch the key, it automatically opens the Scarab Door, so unless you A) find it before the key & then B) memorise the directions you take between the locked door & where you eventually find the key, it is then more aimless wandering until you get ambushed by the silent minions of this devious Witch. If you insist on having players pick up keys; let them open the doors then at least they can stumble across that as a point of navigation.][PATCHED] - Weapons have nonsense physics (assuming a Candy Corn Blunderbuss should have conventional weapon physics).- The level with the elevators up to what I assume is the final boss is actually not a bad design (in theory), in this game though (well, I annotated a bunch of screenshots for why) but it is a combination of the elevators are poorly designed, enemies shoot through the floor & while you can too, because you can't actually look all the way up then you can't actually hit them. Many of the projectiles wizzing through the floor as you go up the ramps don't actually seem to hit you and do damage, it could be that they are just missing or the intention is that these are just meant as the illusion of traps but it just looks awful because it is ghost cannonballs whipping at you.Also, this level is just more corridors where the flood of assets get wedged & try & walk all over one another because whatever the attempt at AI pathing, there are too many of them so it looks comical but not in a good way.In summary, it isn't the worst thing I've played, but that is probably more a commentary on how I spend my time rather than the quality of this game. It suffers from confusing & poor design choice OR worked fine depending on if it's a troll or not. [I've now put in nearly 3 hours in this game & I'm still not sure; the Developers has said there is a patch coming for things brought up in early reviews; don't know if they're talking about me, but I guess I'll wait & see].,Posted: October 6, 2016Another slapped together unity game hoping to make a quick buck. Gameplay is buggy and janky, and overall it's very badly designed; Don't waste your time. Some Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjHaMJfroZM,Posted: October 18, 2016I really want to give this game a positive review because it's one of the very few halloween themed games in existence. It has a lot of potential and it looks really cool but there are a lot of things that need to be fixed. First of all some of the enemies take too many hits to kill and when they come up to you and attack you go flying up in the air and they just circle around you so you just have to aim down and spam until they're all dead which is pretty annoying, It would be good if there was a difficulty setting to help with that if there's no other way of changing how the enemies attack. The enemies projectiles go through walls and hit you almost every time which is a load of crap. Also the mouse moment feels really weird and slow, and you can't look directly up so it's hard to hit the flying enemies when they're above you. As well as that when you shoot if you're moving in a direction the bullets swerve whichever way you're moving which is dumb, the aiming is off aswell and most of the time you can't hit the enemies, maybe its the hitboxes or something but it's very annoying. The gun doesn't sound very good and that could be improved. The maze game mode isn't very fair cause you don't start out with a weapon so you can't kill anything. The arena mode is really difficult aswell. Overall it looks really cool but there's a LOT that needs fixing/improving. Sadly it feels like this game was made by a child so I doubt this will have any major improvement at all ever.,Posted: October 11, 2016I really enjoyed Moonlit Mayhem! I'm not a child, but I really appreciated the Halloweeny-ness of the game. There's a nice variety of scenery (medieval/neighborhood/egyptian/corn maze) and I like the little details, like the fact that you can kick pumpkins, go into some of the houses, and read some silly names on the gravestones. I also appreciate that the developers are quick to address the complaints that have been made thus far. My one complaint is that it is actually kind of hard. You take damage pretty easily. Overall, it's a very enjoyable game to get you in the mood for Halloween!,Posted: January 27, 2018The game looks good, and is rather creative, but the weapons don't work very well, and the enemies easily overwhelm.   The only things this game has going for it, is the price and that its has no mature content, if you any little kids who you think might enjoy an FPS game, and you are having trouble finding one without any mature content.  Its not a good game.  It might have been a at least a decent game, if the people who created it, had been willing to work a bit harder on it, and do a lot more play testing.   It could also use more weapons and some type of ammo system, since the weapons that you do get, have unlimited ammo, which would probably make the game too easily except that its too difficult to aviod getting hit by the ememies, or to hit some of them for that matter.,Posted: October 6, 2016Did somebody say better than Darksouls? Yes. I did. Just now. About this game. It's a tough one but boy is it worth it. Gosh darn it I still can't get that Egypt level out of my head, a prime example of gaming as an art form right there. The story is... to put it simply, worthy of an Oscar. The visuals are stunning, I felt like I was living in a Van Gogh painting. And the best part? It's not locked at 30FPS! (Take that Mafia 3)A must have in the collection of any serious video game player."
"46"	"743270"	"Nights of Azure 2 - Side story, The Foreigner in a Wonderland of Sweets"	2017-11-17	NA	"RPG"	"About This ContentAn additional side story, \"The Foreigner in a Wonderland of Sweets\", will be added to the game.  The story is triggered after you return to the hotel after speaking to Eleanor about the \"Wonderland of Sweets\" in Chapter 3."	"Considering how there is no bug thread yet I'll post in the General Discussions. System Specs CPU: AMD A4-3420 APU 2.80 GHzRAM: 6.00 GBGPU: GeForce GTX 950 (I'm sure I'm missing something just tell me and I'll edit them) Problem: After starting ...,does it exsisit and well have i really then not a time limit anymore is the only thing i really hate by that game. oh and will i not lose my level as well if a new game + exisit.,So apparently there's a DLC called \"Drifting Ark\" or something like that. I've seen a few people on YouTube who already have the DLC but it doesn't seem to be on Steam yet. Anyone know how to get the DLC?,You are welcome.Edit: relaunch the game and it's fine now for some reason so nvm.--------------------------------P/S: No, I don't pirate the game. Play on other account. At this point, the game is not even pirated yet.,I hate this game. Not only because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time limit, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon swapping, and overall uselessness futilty I feel playing it, but because it throws chracters, game design, and story out the window in favor of fan service.Let me be clear and say ..."
"47"	"675780"	"RC Plane 3 - Stunt Pack"	2017-08-07	3.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentUnlock 2 stunt planes : - The huge and gas powered Stunner 100cc biplane. - The small and nimble (electric powered) Performer plane."	"My friend and I are both failing to load the server list, or register with the master server as a host.  Is the multiplayer part of this sim still supported?  Anyone else have absolutely no response from the master server?,pls tell how to get the game heli 3,I bought the DroneGP and CP350, and both only show continuous loading screen.,Hardly work at all, and no presets.,How the heck do you ch ange the camera! it is driving me nuts!"
"48"	"344410"	"Magnetic: Cage Closed"	2015-05-26	14.99	"Puzzle,Puzzle-Platformer,Indie,Action,Adventure,First-Person,Horror,Singleplayer,Thriller,Female Protagonist,Story Rich,Psychological Horror,Choices Matter,Atmospheric,Sci-fi,Shooter"	"Reviews“By the end of Magnetic: Cage Closed, you can forget portals; you’ll be thinking with magnets.”4/5 – Harcore gamer“A fun and ingenious adventure.”8.4/10 – IGN Italy“Interesting puzzles and a plot that keeps us hooked”7.5/10 – IGN Spain,About This GameYou are a prisoner trapped in a strange facility, filled with deadly traps and whispered secrets. At first the facility and its inhabitants all seem like a mystery to you, but soon you begin to understand: Your only chance to survive is to master the Magnet Gun and stay out of harms way. If you make yourself useful they will let you live a little longer, and sooner or later you will get your chance. As the Warden keeps on telling you: “There is always a way out…”Unique Tool - The magnet gun is a unique tool that can transform the environment, launch you through the air or assist with complicated box puzzlesDiversity - The challenges in Magnetic come in many forms, and blend logical puzzles with skill based movement in a unique combinationNo playthrough is the same - Each choice has an impact on what comes next. New secrets and paths are just waiting for players to find themMagnetic: Cage Closed Collector's EditionThe Magnetic: Cage Closed Collector's Edition comes with a comprehensive Digital Artbook, Full Digital Soundtrack, and Two New Devious Challenge Maps."	"Posted: June 20, 2017I'd say 6 out of 10.It's a great game and I recommend it. The gameplay and story are quite entertaining (though sometimes a little slow paced for my taste) but you can read about that in other reviews.TLDR at the end. [EDIT: Dev reply in comments]Here I want to concentrate on one annoying fact:You can't save yourself.The game saves automatically (usually only at the beginning of a chamber) in ONE savegame.This means two things: 1. Some chambers are pretty time consuming. When you die after 10 minutes figuring out the whole thing (and dying happens quite often) you have to do everything from the start. I can live with that but I just don't see a reason why there is no save or quicksave option.2. The bigger problem is: The game has 9 endings. If you want to find them all you have to play the entire game again for each of them since there is NO level selection (apart from time trials) and you can't save when making a decision.This isn't just a problem for completionists like me - Some endings are just like: \"You're dead - Thanks for playing. Now start over - you're not allowed to play this chamber again and choose a different outcome\"Of course one might argue that playing the whole game again and making different decisions also gives you a different experience but that's just not the case. I'll try to explain without spoilers: You get to the 7 main endings by making a decision near the end before entering the final 3 hard chambers. You can choose Path 1, 2 or 3. Depending on which path you take you get to the very same 3 chambers but in a different order (wow! so different from each other!). At the end of each path you make another decision that leads you to one of the endings. (Path 1=2 Endings, Path 2=3 Endings, Path 3=2 Endings).The first playthrough is fun because you have to solve puzzles but playing it the second time is a chore since you just know all the solutions already.TLDR: Great game but you have to replay it 9 times to find all the endings because you can't save yourself and there is no level selection.,Posted: August 14, 2015It tries hard to be like Portal by adopting some of the features that made Portal a success, it has the omnipresent baddy talking, boxes and buttons, repetitive environments and weird scribbles on the walls which hint that the final goal may be an elaborate ruse, but it fails. At first it did give me an interesting feeling, like being a rat in a maze, but that did not last very long. The learning curve is okay, but there is no sense of difficulty progressing smoothly - one or two insultingly easy chambers can be followed by an annoyingly punishing trial and error based chamber. Especially in the trail-and-error chambers I found the lack of a quick-load and quick save (or any kind of free saving) quite annoying. This means that if you trap yourself, you have to go to the main menu. Failing also means to start the entire chamber again from the beginning, which can be annoying. Generally not a game I'd recommend. If you are desperate for a Portal-esque puzzle game, I'd first recommend Quantum Conundrum and then I'd maaaaybe mention Magnetic, but it certainly isn't that good. It wasted a lot of potential.,Posted: May 26, 2015It is a successful mix of Magrunner and Portal with a cold war attitude in it. The choices are actually matters. Alters the chambers to come and the final outcome too. I got constant 60 FPS, so the optimization is really good. There's no graphical glitches or bugs that I encountered so far. And the story with the 9 possible endings is really great. If the devs will integrate an editor and Steam Workshop support, it'll be even better. Everyone should buy it immediately!,Posted: September 5, 2018Another Portal-like 3D puzzle game, which while not terrible, could use some major polish.In the description we can readOriginally posted by description:No playthrough is the same - Each choice has an impact on what comes next. New secrets and paths are just waiting for players to find themand that's a lie. While the game technically ends differently and lets us learn different aspects of the story depending on 2-3 choices, nearly all of the puzzles are exactly the same.Speaking of different endings: overwriting the same save file and thus sorta forcing the player to play through the entire essentially identical game ~7.7* times to find all endings is NOT the proper way to make your game \"replayable\".If you want to get all endings just copy your save files before you make choices in appropriate chambers guys, it's not worth it.*7 endings happen after the full playthrough, 1 is in about 3/5ths of the game, and 1 happens if you don't leave the first roomDo you know how easy it is to go through doors IRL and in most games? Well ♥♥♥♥ you, because we have couples of unnecessarily heavily sealed vault-like doors with a tiny tunnels you have to CRAWL through in between, which takes only literally 12 SECONDS of pushing your \"forward\" button! Plus the unnecessary 8 seconds that you need to spend waiting for the \"unlocked\" doors to actually open in the first place, which they do only when you finally stand right in front of them. ♥♥♥♥.And if that alone isn't enough, after you finish a puzzle set, you need to:leave the magnet gun and make some (mostly meaningless) choicego through a \"door\"go to the end of a short corridor and wait a couple of seconds for the next \"door\" to unlockgo through 2nd \"door\"wait until the garbage bin you're traveling in gets to its destinationgo through a 3rd \"door\" to your cell and wait for a \"chapter\" to endgo through the 4th \"door\" back to the garbage binwait again while it movesgo through the 5th \"door\"grab the gun againand go through 6th \"door\"and only then you're able to continue solving puzzles, yay! That took only like 5 minutes of waiting and pressing \"forward\" to get back to the same state you ended previous set of puzzles in!What isn't helping is the fact that in several places you're forced to wait a couple of minutes and listen to the dialogue (which makes no sense in later playthroughs given how repetitive this game is), and it even obnoxiously tells you something like \"the countdown HAD BEGUN, you have one minute to make your choice\" just to wait another couple of seconds after the dialogue has ended to open a door (this time a normal door) to the chamber you're supposed to make your choice in.And all this nonsensical time fodder exists in a game that has a SPEEDRUN ACHIEVEMENT. JUST WHY?When it comes to game mechanics, if we ignore the obvious \"that's not how magnets work!\", it is a bit wonky and unpredictable sometimes.Often when you're trying to \"shoot\" a cube using the magnet gun to hit a button on the wall, it just flies off to the side (and no, i'm not talking about the puzzles later in game where there are magnets on the walls exactly to make shooting like that even more difficult). There's a couple of other issues but eh, scrap that.Puzzles sadly aren't very challenging, and there isn't even much difference between the \"easy\" and \"hard\" sets of them. Also the design of a couple of puzzles is just poor.Verdict: not worth $15, not worth your time unless you really like puzzle games, definitely not worth legitimately replaying it ~7.7 times to get all endings unless you are a masochist.,Posted: May 11, 20179 endings, huh?And I have to play through a good hour, hour and a half of the linear part to get to the choices, every time I finish?Well, looks like there's only one ending.,Posted: May 27, 2015I love First Person puzzle games (such as Portal) and Magnetic: Cage Closed definitely scratches that itch. Really enjoying it so far! Can't wait to play more, hunt achievements, and sniff out speed run routes!,Posted: May 26, 2015*Skip to the bottom of the review for Tl:dr*Magnetic Cage closed will immediately feel familiar to you when you first load it up.  Yes, It’s basically Portal but it’s different enough to call itself it’s own game in a genre that there isn’t much competition in.You wake up in your personal cell in a place called Facility 7.  A maximum security prison where you quickly learn your sentence is to take part in some weird experiment they have devised to test their prisoner’s in a game of life and death.  As you look around there are cameras everywhere that follow your movement.  “Someone” is always watching you.  Upon being greeted by the Warden and are instructed to continue forward where you are transported to a room that holds the Magnet Gun perched on its alter.  You're given some time to experiment with the functionality of the Magnet Gun and then your trial begins.The Magnet Gun functions much like you would expect.  The Left Click will Repel and the Right Click will attract.  You can also change the power of the repel or attract function by scrolling up and down on the mouse wheel.  This comes into play as you may want a stronger force or weaker depending on the challenge.As you progress through the levels, Portal fans or even those who are able to think “What would I do in this situation” will blaze through these first 10 levels or so as the challenge isn’t all that daunting.  You’ll see the all familiar “cube” that will play an integral role in most levels and some panels and contraptions that will be new to you.  Some are recessed platforms that can be pulled and pushed.  Others are circle panels on the walls and floor that allow you to pull yourself toward at a faster rate, or jump really high by repelling yourself away from it.  There is also no fall damage… thankfully.Every so often you’ll be brought to a room that isn’t like the others.  You’re faced with a challenge but there is no skill involved, only a choice.  Magnetic: Cage Closed mentions that no play through will ever be the same and they hold to that.  Your choice will set you down a different path each playthrough and will open new rooms dialogue, and endings.  There appear to be nine different conclusions.The story follows an expected pace and then gets crazy.  I want to say I expected this to happen but I was surprised when it did as you can’t assume anything in this game.  Many times it felt random enough to keep me guessing.  There are however some issues with the game that did detract from my experience such as the Warden’s voice-over.  His dialogue and ominous tone get old pretty quick.  It felt like the actor tried to hard to create a hard♥♥♥♥♥sounding warden who occasionally tries to joke with you.  It falls flat many times and I found myself not caring when he would talk.  The female voice actor who appears during the “choice” sections of the game does a great job and feels right in line with the setting.The other glaring issue that just kept taking me out of the game was the level transition.  You come through a door, finish the room and exit to the next.  Once the door opens, you have to crawl through a very small hole into the next room.  I understand the purpose of this process is to start loading the next level assets but it drove me insane with the time it takes to crawl into the next room.  I wish they would have come up with a still screen or something while the next room loaded instead of this process.  A simple gripe but overall it did detract from my experience.My first two hours with game felt to familiar.  Many puzzles were too easy, it was just getting the timing right. Some of the choices I had to make didn’t feel weighted.  Much like go left or right instead of life and death.  As I played I honestly started to get a little bored until the game shifted to a new setting. To avoid spoilers, this will make more sense when you play it.  As I continued the puzzles began to get really creative and I started to really enjoy these harder rooms.  This section of the game honestly turned me around from almost writing a bad review.If you start to feel a bit bored, give it some time and at least complete the game once.  I believe you will come back to experience more of the story, puzzles, and satisfy your curiosity.My first play through took a little over 3 hours but after finishing the game once, I’m convinced that there is more too this game than being a love letter to Portal.Bottom line, if you like Portal, you will really enjoy this game.Tl:dr – Portal fans will find a very familiar and enjoyable experience in Magnetic: Case Closed.  Aside from some bad voice acting and level loading choices the experience of being trapped in a prison, forced to take part in strange experiments was really enjoyable especially towards the end of my first run.  The repel/attract functions of the gun work well and provide a brand new challenge in the arena of first person puzzle games.  With over 9 different endings and tons of new rooms to explore on each play through, no run will be the same.Rating – 8/10Check out the review at  Indie Gamers UK [indiegamers.co.uk],Posted: January 12, 2017I don't like leaving negative reviews - especially for indie devs. I wish them the best, but this game doesn't feel at all worth the price.There were no puzzles in this game that took more than a glance to solve. However, the controls and bizarre design decisions give this game an artificial difficulty that's a pain to play.,Posted: December 6, 2015This is poorly made first-person puzzle with not a single idea of it's own - it cribs from Portal and Magrunner without being anywhere near as polished as either.Graphics are 'crusty' or 'flat' looking, transitions between puzzles are slow and boring (and often lengthy), physics are dodgy-as-hell with things sticking in the floor/walls and there's NO RESTART for a puzzle (you have to quit and restart an area from scratch)The story is staggeringly unoriginal, the voicework is poor and the dialogue they're speaking is awful (and it's repeated EVERY time you restart an area)Worst-of-all, the magnet gun is just too random - it works 'when it feels like it'.  Jumps are moody (and often lead to deadly drops) and the game has 2-way physics meaning 'pulling' something towards you also \"pulls\" you towards it (which when you're standing on a small platform over a deadly drop is really, really unfunny)After a while I realised I'd rather not be playing a game at all that play anymore of this...,Posted: May 26, 2015A speaker crackles as your eyes open. You’re strapped down on a gurney and being transported through a dimly-lit, elaborate tunnel system. Reawakening in a less than preferable cell, you receive the squeals of the speaker gain as they direct you to leave your cell or face a gassy death. This is Curiatis, and your crimes have brought you here. You are Prisoner XE-47623 and you’re now being tested and ran through a gauntlet of platforming and weapons testing. To bookend it all, morality and nihilism round out the ideals Magnetic: Cage Closed will push on you.From Games Guru, their second game ever, Magnetic: Cage Closed will test your moral compass and pull you into its world, no pun intended. Armed only with a magnetic gun you shift various blocks and platforms around each testing room to help you escape the perils found within. Fire, poisonous gas, and spikes will only impede your progress and force you to think very carefully about navigating the room. One wrong step may mean impaled corpse or a crispy, fried prisoner for the cleanup crew to deal with.Magnetic: Case Closed, Magnetic, Guru Games, The Guru Games, YouTube, Indie Games, Indie, Video Games, Steam, PC, First-person, FPS, First-person platformer, platformer,Expect to leave many corpses around the facility as Magnetic: Cage Closed while relatively short in length, is a trial-and-error puzzle-platformer. A small mistake here, a miscalculation there and you will be ensuring the next run will not be a repeat of the same mistake. Additionally, the actual force of the magnet gun needs to be taken into account too; as it can push and pull respectively as you’re solving the various puzzles. As the gun’s strength in each force can strengthen as the gun’s improvements are given to Prisoner XE-47623, the player must accommodate themselves to ensuring it doesn’t affect their test taking.While we only faced few frustrating game mechanics get in our way, most of the challenges came from learning the layout of the room and getting out via solving the puzzle. One such frustration came in one of the later levels wherein you must launch yourself up then immediately launch yourself across the room. Not given much practice with this idea in Magnetic: Cage Closed beforehand had our reviewer ready to snap their controller in anger. Despite the satisfaction they had after finally achieving the move, had they then died thereafter, they would have to do it all over again from the start. Checkpoints are common and do occur when entering a new room (and save you in a few of the larger, more decidedly chaotic rooms), but if you’re near the end of a puzzle and die, hopefully you can recall the solution again; you’re going to be starting anew upon respawning.Instantaneous loadings of a new “prisoner” ease the frustration of sudden deaths such as receiving a resolution only to breathe a tiny bit of noxious gas and keel over. Health does not regenerate in a room, only after completion of every room. So if you’re bleeding out, there’s no standing around for the pain to wear off, just ensure you survive until the next room. The risk-to-reward of Magnetic: Cage Closed isn’t as dangerous as it may seem given the constant respawn rate and quick loading of each, free to test each room as much as possible. The truly chaotic sections arrive near the end of each chapter under the psychological tests delivered to you via facility psychiatrist: Karen Vomberg.Karen will not only provide insight into the facility by occasionally bickering with the mysterious voice over the speaker, but she will test the mettle and psyche of Prisoner XE-47623 with tests of morals and choice. One may simply assess your ability to follow a direction or remain inactive, another may lead you to choose the fate of a fellow criminal with executiion or admittance to the same facility as you dwell. These choices and moments aren’t too common, but they can change and differ depending on previous choices made. Unlike Portal, where the result was always the same, Magnetic: Cage Closed actually changes and creates a new, expanded world depending on the choices you decide while making your way from room to room. It’s quite a refreshing, welcoming addition to the rather niche genre if we may say so ourselves.Magnetic: Case Closed, Magnetic, Guru Games, The Guru Games, YouTube, Indie Games, Indie, Video Games, Steam, PC, First-person, FPS, First-person platformer, platformer,Magnetic: Cage Closed won’t demand too much of your time for each playthrough as we made our way through it the first run in about four hours. With the aforementioned branching pathways, you could expect to spend another collective six or seven hours on finding all about Curiatis Facilities and all of its secrets. You may be satisfied by a single run through the rooms, but we weren’t; we were destined to find all we could about the mystery. The “eureka!” moments the puzzles brought plus the rather intriguing story, characters, and writing were enough to keep us engaged for several different forays.Magnetic: Cage Closed can absolutely scratch the itch Portal left in your heart while also providing an equally competent, fun, and charming writing style. With only a few minor gripes towards the mechanics, the overall package of Magnetic is enough to overlook the grievances. We’ll be hard to find something as equal to Portal as Magnetic: Cage Closed. Now excuse as we head back into the facility to learn more of what Curiatis is hiding.Should you play it?YES+ Borrows and expands & improves the familiar first person puzzle-platforming+ Exceptional writing and dialogue delivery+ Full of “eureka!” moments to appease the ego- Some may simply feel that Portal’s the stronger game & presentation(Review via Front Towards Gamer: http://ftg.operationsupplydrop.org/2015/05/26/magnetic-cage-closed-review-pc/)"
"49"	"22000"	"World of Goo"	2008-10-13	9.99	"Puzzle,Indie,Physics,Singleplayer,Great Soundtrack,Casual,2D,Comedy,Masterpiece,Cute,Building,Funny,Satire,Atmospheric,Touch-Friendly,Classic,Strategy,Surreal,Story Rich,Difficult"	"About This GameWorld of Goo is a multiple award winning physics based puzzle / construction game made entirely by two guys. Drag and drop living, squirming, talking, globs of goo to build structures, bridges, cannonballs, zeppelins, and giant tongues. The millions of Goo Balls that live in the beautiful World of Goo are curious to explore - but they don't know that they are in a game, or that they are extremely delicious.Mysterious Levels - Each level is strange and dangerously beautiful, introducing new puzzles, areas, and the creatures that live in them.World of Goo Balls - Along the way, undiscovered new species of Goo Ball, each with unique abilities, come together to ooze through reluctant tales of discovery, love, conspiracy, beauty, electric power, and the third dimension.The Sign Painter - Someone is watching you.World of Goo Corporation - Congratulations! World of Goo Corporation is the Global Leader in Goo and Goo Related Product, including World of Goo Corporation Trademark Brand Soft Drink Beverage and World of Goo Corporation Trademark Brand Facial Exfoliating Lotion. Succulent!Massive Online Competition - Human players around the world compete in a living leaderboard to build the tallest towers of goo in World of Goo Corporation's mysterious sandbox. World of Goo Corporation is contractually obligated to state that everyone is a winner and is enthusiastic to celebrate everyone's tower building opportunities equally.  Congratulations, and good luck!"	"Posted: May 5, 2018Let's face it: games like World of Goo come a dime a dozen these days, and not just because its success has inspired a whole new genre. Physics-based bridge-builder-like puzzles are not rocket science.However, World of Goo was released in Blessed 2008; the year of Braid and Spelunky; the year indie games have drawn everyone's attention for the first time. And while World of Goo is arguably less inventive than Braid and less robust than Spelunky, it became one of the symbols of a new gaming era and won a lot of hearts over.I do believe World of Goo is the lesser of the three, but it still very much deserves its spotlight. The gameplay is fun, the visuals are cute, and the music is stunning. More importantly though, while the game isn't plot-heavy, it debuts Tomorrow Corporation's brand humor and charm. Half Burton, half Double Fine, it walks the precarious line belween cuteness and satire, often venturing into dark places with a straight face (all those blobs of goo you so often kill seem to be alive, after all). It's a mild comment on consumerism and corporations that's never too in-your-face and can be skipped if you'd rather just build bridges.And hey, one more upside of small indie games is that they age well, so it plays perfectly ten years after its release.,Posted: September 23, 2013World of Goo is to this day one of the finest indie games one can find.It is, in my opinion, one of _the_ best physics-based logic games currently available.It looks great, plays great and is overall an amazing and unique experience due to many factors. It does have some flaws, but they are minor and almost insignificant.A one-of-a-kind setting, quirky and strange humor, a challenge to both strategic and quick thinking. What else would you need?Highly recommended.Even after all these years, my opinion hasn't changed.,Posted: November 25, 2013The goal is simple, yet changes every time. The game lasts long enough so as to not outstay it's welcome and the art style of the game is great.For extra challenge every level has an \"OCD\" challenge. The OCD could be to complete the level in X seconds or it could be to use a trick to get an extra few balls that might not be immediately obvious.The physics work, which you might think strange to include in a review of a physics based game... but I've played Bad Rats so I know what broken physics are!,Posted: November 14, 2015One of the best puzzle games I have ever played. The music, the art and the physics make this game a must buy. ~10/10This game is still amazing even after a few years!,Posted: August 21, 2015One of the best bridge/tower building puzzle games of all time.  Even those who don't understand physics or the construction process will get a handle on this because the ability to connect the balls together is so intuitive.  The devs did a great job of simplifying a complex process.  The game runs from very simple to absolutely difficult, and near the end you'll find yourself restarting levels many times in order to successfully finish them.  There are some special achievement like building a bridge with only so many balls that add more complexities to the game that I really enjoyed.  The graphics are gorgeous and I love the artstyle that is used.  A must play for all puzzle genre lovers.,Posted: October 14, 2015If this game isn't considered a classic yet, it will be... it's that good.- Graphics are still not outdated, still looks very nice and clean- Soundtrack is still awesome, feels like it was uniquely designed for this game, very moody too.- Game is very balanced in difficulty- Connecting online doesn't seem to work anymore to compare tower heights. Boo hoo...- Story is interesting, gameplay is addictive.What more could you possibly want from a 69MB old game?,Posted: October 15, 2017This is, without a doubt, one of my favorite games of all time. PROS:-Amazing soundtrack-Puzzles ranging from easy to extremely difficult-Minimal, yet very interesting, story. -Cheap-Infinite tower building modeCONS:-The infinite building mode is limited to only 300 balls.Thats the only con. Seriously, this game is a masterpiece. I know, I know, I only have 7.7 hours. I played through this game twice, and also 3 times on WiiWare. And it was only made by 2 guys in a coffee shop. Get this game, unless you are the most diehard puzzle game hater. ,Posted: June 25, 2017This is one of the BEST GAMES of ALL TIMES. It is definitely a LEGEND.Good music and sounds, its so full of emotions.Good story. Wonderful arts.Challenging yet not so hard game.I've played the game back in 2009, and on so many occasions, and I just bought the game to show my appreciation to  the DEV because i didnt have means to buy it back then.,Posted: May 20, 2015It's the mother of all Indie games. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=313215979Years ago there was this cool demo called \"Tower of Goo\" which I played for hours! It was directly an advert for this game. So I felt familar with the physics engine and the mainly game concept. You have to drag drops of goo which generate connections between them and lets you build up complex structures. These structures are flexible and react on the physics around them. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=313216017You have to think a lot not to break down your structures and reach mostly above the tap. When it's done the tap changes to a kind of vacuum cleaner and sucks the rest of the goo drops into. Most challenging is after you finished a level to do it in OCD (Obsessive Completion Distinction) mode. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=314343308 That means to do it best and collect all max. possible goo drops. Which feels hard as playing golf and reach on every course an hole-in-one ...,Posted: July 14, 2015If you want to play one of the best games ever created with awsome music and atmosphere, this game is for you. Seriously this game is art.11/10 -The Sign Painter"
"50"	"899841"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – blink-182 - “Always”"	2019-02-19	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Always\" by blink-182 on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"51"	"683660"	"Minigolf Blast"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Indie,Casual,Early Access,Sports,Mini Golf,Golf"	"About This GameMinigolf Blast is a fun, whimsical, online multi-player, hot-seat multiplayer, and single player minigolf game. Easy to play. Lots of variety with 117 holes on 6 different courses.Six 18 hole course and one 9 hole course (117 total holes)Four different game typesOnline MultiplayerMany different ball super powersLeaderboardsRock solid ball physicsBeing designed and coded by the creator of Sierra's 3D Ultra Minigolf, The Incredible Machine, and many other Dynamix/Sierra games."	""
"52"	"34179"	"Napoleon: Total War™ - The Peninsular Campaign"	2010-06-22	24.99	"Strategy,Historical"	"About This ContentThe Peninsular Campaign Downloadable Content is a new and independent campaign for Napoleon: Total War based on the conflict in the Spanish Peninsula between 1811 and 1814. It was during this era that the Spanish resistance gave their style of fighting its name: Guerrilla, or the “little war”.It is 1811 and the war in the Spanish Peninsula has been raging for over two years, with mixed fortunes and heavy casualties for both sides.  Following the withdrawal from the Madrid area of the combined armies of Great Britain, Portugal and Spain after the Battle of Talavera in July 1809, Viscount Wellington retreated into Portugal and consolidated his forces.  Now Napoleon’s Armée d'Espagne, has invaded Portugal once again but thus far the network of entrenchments has proved impossible for the French to successfully assail. Wellington has planned a fresh offensive to drive the invaders out of Portugal and eventually out of the Peninsula altogether. Although forced back to the edges of their Peninsula by France and the traitors who helped them, Spain is not yet out of the fight. The Supreme Central Junta and its successor the Supreme Regency authorised the forming of local bands to fight guerrilla - the “little war” - against the invaders.Choose one of the three nations involved - France, Great Britain or Spain - and experience one the most intense conflict of the Napoleonic era.Features:A new and independent Iberian Peninsula campaign map featuring 32 controllable regions.Three playable nations:  the brand new Spanish nation and the existing but revamped France and Great Britain, each with its own unique set of Objectives and Missions, and a new, non-playable Portuguese nation, controlling some of the regions.Play the campaign from three different perspectives, each with a unique feel:The French fight to keep resistance at bay while converting regions to their political alignment.The British are very limited for regions at the start, but receive enough income from Northern Europe and North America that they can afford to liberate regions back to the Spanish in return for Guerrilla aid.The Spanish also have a limited starting position, but have permanent access to Guerrillas for effective battlefield use against the French. 5 new Guerrilla unit types, recruitable by all nations, adept at battlefield stealth and with the added ability to deploy outside of their faction's deployment zones: Tiradores (Skirmisher Infantry), Cazadores, Lanceros (Lancer Cavalry), Husares (Light Cavalry), Leader (General). 28 new units in total, spread across the three playable nations including the British 95th Rifles, the French Vistula Uhlans and the Spanish Coraceros Espanoles. Two new agents to enforce political conversion:Provocateurs (French and British nations only) have the ability to promote anti-opposition sentiment in regions, incite unrest, decreases turn time for research and passively spy.Priests (Spanish and Portuguese nations only) have the ability to promote anti-opposition sentiment in regions and incite unrest.A new Guerrillero agent for the Spanish nation: similar to a Spy but with the new ability to Harass enemy armies - lock them in place for a turn and cause them attrition.Political Alignment system which sees the French battle to increase pro-French sentiment throughout the peninsula."	"J'aimerais si possible avoir plus d'information sur se succès, c'est celui que je vise maintenant.,So many bugs, in almost any part of any battle.Ships that wont fire, units that line up in strange ways and many many more :D!I think this is the second time that i uninstall ... this time i am done for sure!,So can someone explain to my why since this is the 'best ' mod for napoleon, my damn cavalry cant move through my own units? It just gets stuck behind and and wont move excep tmaybe 20% of the unit.Also why does cav get tired like 30 secs from running? I ...,Hello Everyone,I have been playing this game for years but never had mates to play this game with on multiplayer, please add me to your freind list or send me an a game invite I would really to play this game more often. Thank you! ,We’re upgrading Napoleon, Empire, and Medieval II to Definitive Editions today – which means that if you already own them, you’ll now have all of the DLC for free!If you don’t already own them, now’s the time to check them out – the new edit...,Posted: May 410/10  SAVED BY DARTHMOD AGAIN,Posted: April 29Love this game so much, still play it in 2019,Posted: April 28nice"
"53"	"401270"	"Warhammer 40,000: Regicide - Soundtrack"	2015-09-08	2.99	"Strategy,Indie"	"About This ContentWarhammer 40,000: Regicide - Original Soundtrack Composed by Edwin Montgomery. Includes 12 high quality WAV files.Track list (total running time approx. 38 minutes): Annihilation Stratagem 02:38 ‘Ere We Go! 03:14 Bell of Lost Souls 01:56 Brothers in Blood 03:19 Deus Ex Vitae 00:59 Dracomedes' March 01:33 Let Us Have A Reckoning 03:38 Only In Death Does Duty End 02:42 Rise of the Waaagh! 03:22 The Angelic Host 04:26 The Greenskin Horde 04:02 The Sons of Sanguinius 03:51The Warhammer 40,000: Regicide - Soundtrack will be downloaded to your computer as WAV files. Found in your Steam\steamapps\common\Warhammer 40,000 Regicide\Soundtrack folder, you must have Warhammer 40,000: Regicide installed on your computer as well to receive the DLC content."	"Обсуждение игры: что получится, что получилось, что следует добавить,- на русском языке.,Greetings Kingslayers,We want to know what race you'd like to play as in Warhammer 40,000: Regicide! Click the link to our poll below and tell us your choice!http://strawpoll.me/5689174,Hey guys! An update on how to submit a bug, should you come across one. You have two options, depending on the severity of the issue. Serious, game-breaking or experience-inhibiting issues  For these, we’ll need you to send us the Output Log. He...,have the points, but the games \"unlock ability\" is still grey'd out?,Started playing again after server migration. I most certainly done 10 secondary objectives, but achievement counter is stuck at 5. Anyone else got this problem?"
"54"	"693621"	"Hide and Seek - Headlamp"	2017-08-31	0.99	"Free to Play,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentA headlamp you can equip as a hat as Hider and Seeker.All hats override default map-specific hats.3d preview available in the Hat Gallery"	"comment,When I search for games there are none. I can't even see my friend server.,i dont know how to start game im always in spectator mode.,i just downloaded the game and tryied  to join a game..f*k there were no servers,Looking foward to it<3"
"55"	"798350"	"Capsule Jump"	2017-02-23	2.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This GameCapsule Jump is a first person Jump and Run Game. You are a Capsule that jumps over platforms in different environments. Sometimes it is dark and sometimes it is foggy. The game has a total amount of 55 level to play.It is a very complex game, only a small amount of the players, playing it by now, came through all the level.Will you get through that game?"	""
"56"	"955240"	"Pleasure Puzzle:Sexy Girls free DLC"	2018-10-05	NA	"Nudity,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentFree addition of 10 pictures of beautiful girls.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Bare: bikini, chest closet, underpants."	""
"57"	"722340"	"Captain vs Sky Pirates"	2017-10-10	2.99	"Strategy,Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameCaptain vs Sky Pirates takes you on a steamy adventure, your mission is to defeat all Sky Pirates. Combat many dangerous enemies but don’t forget to upgrade your gear to beat more deadly Sky Pirates. Prepare for a near impossible challenge in the world of steam PiratesFeatures:- Upgrade weapons and explosives- 30 levels - Epic bosses- Beautiful art and character animations- Huge variety of enemies offer multiple challenges: Burn your enemy, freeze them, and many more tools to cast in battle."	""
"58"	"418090"	"Drone Zero Gravity™ - OST"	2015-11-09	3.99	""	"About This ContentNow you can own the Drone Zero Gravity soundtrack and take it on the go.16 tracks included in MP3 Format at 320kbpsEdit - 10/19/16But wait, there's moreDrone Zero Gravity The Beginning OST is now included.8 tracks included in MP3 Format at 320kbps*Note: The MP3's currently download directly into the game folder (Drone Zero Gravity).Drone Zero Gravity OST TracklistAgain (1:10)Audio (2:53)Beauty Down (2:44)Calm Like No Other (2:36)The Collection (2:49)Copy 2  (2:23)         Dimension (2:27)Enter Now (2:47)Follow (3:05)Missing (2:35)No Other Way Remix (4:40)Positive Nature (2:11)Save Me (3:18)Slow Escape (2:36)Strange Skies (2:55)Welcome to the Moon (2:48)Soundtrack length 44 minutes.Drone Zero Gravity The Beginning OST TracklistAnticipate Nothing (5:22)Climbing High (3:12)The Last One (2:09)No Time To Go (3:02)Speed Time (5:34)Toxic Clouds  (2:50)         Under Distress (4:17)Underwaters (3:30)Soundtrack length 30 minutes."	"So over the next 48hours, I will be giving away 20 copies of Drone Zero Gravity. The keys will be provided once the game is released. You can subscribe to the forums because periodically I may ask random questions throughout the next two days and the firs...,Drone Zero Gravity has been under development for a year now. I will consider 5/20/14 the anniversary date. That was when I first posted anything about it.https://youtu.be/6p3UiDzS_D0The idea has come a long way. Back then I didn't even know how to sc...,So, after playing the game for a day, here is my constructive feedback and suggestions:#1. explosions are too big (they can kill you from a screen distance away sometimes)#2. \"enter code\" should be changed to \"type in code\" (the message at the top of ...,Hello everybody,If you get the chance, could you share your pc specs. I am trying to get an idea of the range and majority of hardware here in this group. That is all. Thank you,Isaac,Hi. The game has a singleplayer mode? Or only co-op?Sorry for my bad English"
"59"	"1052700"	"DFFNT: The Espers' Progeny App. Set & 5th Weapon for Terra Branford"	2019-03-25	12.99	"Action,Free to Play"	"About This ContentAllows Terra Branford to equip the following items.- The Espers' Progeny I (Appearance)- The Espers' Progeny II (Appearance)- The Espers' Progeny III (Appearance)- Ultima Weapon (Weapon)- Additional Chat Messages*You must first download DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY NT Free Edition, Standard Edition or Deluxe Edition (available to purchase separately) before you can use this content.    *You must first purchase the character Starter Pack before you can use this content."	"Here you can find information about the free update on April 25, 2019.Free Update (Steam Only)System ChangesIn order to reduce latency during ranked matches, players will no longer be matched against each other if they are geographically far apart.We hope you continue to enjoy DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY NT.,Not sure where I should pick it up.,People have got to stop being so impatient and entitled these days. It takes time to fix issues in games these days due to how much work it takes to make them.,Posted: May 1until you fix the matchmaking system, it's a big no from me- a final fantasy fan who played through every single game,Posted: May 1An upgrade from the previous DISSIDIA games graphically but a downgrade in every other aspect, as the game became stale, with barely no customzation at all, like no equipments, no \"equipment sets\", no branching attacks for more attack variety, no leveling system, no 1v1... You basically get few HP attacks and some generic magic that everyone can also cast if you keep playing enough and that's it, simply pathetic. Also they broke the game in small pieces to sell as DLC, which alone is a big no, though this seems to be exclusive to the PC version.It's a shame they tried too hard to focus this game on \"muh e-sports competitiveness\" and forgot what made the game actually fun to play in the first place.Avoid this game like Square Enix avoids making a proper FFVI remake.,Posted: May 2PROS:-Great Graphics: Game looks beautiful, its great to see your favorite characters with nice looking models and in high resolution.-Gameplay Rewards Skill and Teamwork : Its a 3v3 game that was very well balanced for that and there is a great degree of satisfaction to be felt when finding just the right timing to land that HP attack on your enemy through an opening you found, or working together with a friend to take down someone.-Nice Soundtrack : Many fan favorite songs from the franchise are avaiable in this game to listen during battle or just in the menu if you feel like it, having both the originals and arrangements.-Characters : The characters in this game feel great to play as, each one very distinct from the other even among ones that have the same role, their voice lines also add to their personality and give you a good feel of who they are, and while its a really small thing, the fun moments of being in the waiting screen before the match starts with your teammates and having a \"conversation\" with the characters can be very fun. - Community : There really aren't that many people playing this game, but the community it has for it is very friendly and always open to newcomers, most of us are in this discord server https://discord.gg/qs8cA3K  you are all welcome to join if you decide to try the game and if you do should probably say something in the \"pc lobby\" channel so we can show you the ropes :).CONS:-Badly optimized. Its pretty much a direct port from PS4 version so it takes quite a bit to run, if your spects aren't close to the minimum required you probably won't be able to run it at a stable 60 fps.-Not much single player content. While to me it doesn't really matter as its not what I came to the game for, I am sure there are people that enjoy this type of content quite a bit.-Online ranked is dead. Alright, so, this game works using peer to peer connection, with 6 people connecting with each other, and sadly if one of the people don't connect well with each other they can lag the match for everyone, which caused a lot insatisfaction early on causing people to pretty much abandon ranked and playing more in lobbies.Overall I highly recommend this game based on its gameplay though its western release has been treated somewhat poorly by the developers which makes it harder for players to fully experience it, for those that put in the little bit of extra effort though it is definitely worth the experience.,I mean, SERIOUSLY!! You roll out a patch that makes it literally impossible to find a match now, give us no hot fix for it, and then just go silent?! You guys could at least put out some adds or do decent incentives to play the game to boost the populat...,中国玩家匹配不到任何人。。。,So guys, do you think it is worth?,Thank you for playing DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY NT.We are reading all of the feedback from players around the world, and are taking this on board. We know that in-game latency is a problem for some players, and our goal is to improve matchmaking quality as soon as we can.Further updates to the game will be released in the future. We will make sure to update everyone as soon as more information becomes available, and we thank you again for your continued support for the game."
"60"	"820980"	"EARTHLOCK - Comic Book #1 - The Storm Dog & The Clay Orchid"	2018-05-21	4.99	"Strategy,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentAvailable in English only. Grab the EARTHLOCK Origins Comic Book: The Clay Orchid & The Stormdog. The first comic book in the EARTHLOCK universe which gives you a unique and personal look into the backstories of Amon and Ive.The comic book can be accessed by selecting the new title menu option, \"Comic Book\" after the installation is complete."	"EARTHLOCK is One Year old!Earthlock was released one year ago, after Snowcastle decided to go back and improve Festival of Magic into the game we originally envisioned it to be. This month we celebrate not only the release of Earthlock, but also our fans for sticking by us, through thick and thin, and helping us grow with the world of Earthlock. Snowcastle Games would not be what we are without your amazing support! At Snowcastle Games, we have big plans for the Earthlock universe, so stick around!Come experience the first installment of the Earthlock trilogy!Buy Earthlock on Steam!Thank you all!,Hi. I was very interested in getting this game. After having watched the trailer I decided I didnt like some of the characters looks. Is it possible to create your own characters? ,Not real RPGs?,Today's Deal: Save 56% on EARTHLOCK!*Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam.  Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are!*Offer ends Friday at 10AM Pacific Time,Today's Deal: Save 56% on EARTHLOCK!*Look for the deals each day on the front page of Steam.  Or follow us on twitter or Facebook for instant notifications wherever you are!*Offer ends Friday at 10AM Pacific Time,Even with this release, it doesn't work. Please, refund,Having certain issues with plummet island. Just after reaching Sulvia to see Lady Lumia I went to Plummet Island and now I cannot warp back to the map or anywhere. I am literally stuck on the island.,It is a very exciting phase to go into early production of a game. We are super excited and look forward to sharing it with you.The great thing about making game number two is that we now have a wonderful community of players along with us.In a few mo...,Posted: May 2I deeply respect the creators for remaking their own game so soon after it came out to make it better, but I'm afraid they didn't go far enough.The story and characters are bland and the writing is poor. The controls of the battle system are needlessly clumsy, and even after speeding it up, it still plays through very slowly.This could have been decent, but I got bored after not especially long into it."
"61"	"294959"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – The Libertines - “Don’t Look Back Into The Sun”"	2014-07-08	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Don’t Look Back Into The Sun\" by The Libertines on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"62"	"610910"	"Trainz Route: Legacy of the Burlington Northern II"	2017-04-03	29.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentLegacy of the BN II is a beautifully mastered proto-fictional route from Jointed Rail.Complete with custom content, locomotive and rolling stock packs this route will provide hours and hours of endless fun and entertainment.Package includes:1 beautifully detailed ROUTE:Legacy of the Burlington Northern v23 realistic SESSIONS:General freightWest Clyde SawmillCoal delivery24 detailed LOCOS / ROLLING STOCK:UTLX 23000 gal Funnel-Flow tank carATSF ACF Centerflow 3 Bay long hatchBN ACF Centerflow 3 Bay long hatchUP PC&F 6033BN 50' RBLNP 40' Hy-Cube BoxcarBN 40' Hy-Cube BoxcarCB&Q 100 Ton HopperBN 50' RBL ex-CB&QUP 60' ACF BoxcarGN 50' PS-1BN 50' ACF Boxcar 1BN 50' ACF Boxcar 3BN 50' ACF Boxcar 4WC PC&F 6033UP Ce-11 CabooseBN Ce-11 CabooseBN GP5 low hoodBN 100 Ton HopperUP GP9 late (weathered)BN SD7 low hoodBN SD7 high hoodBN 62Ft. Bulkhead (early era)BN 60ft Thrall BoxcarBrand new content to use in your own routes including:3 new industries8 different track types34 trackside objects37 buildings and trucks50 new ground textures54 more scenery items"	"Do you own Trainz 12, Trainz A New Era or Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019?If so, we're looking for your feedback. Please complete this Survey[www.surveymonkey.com] to go into the draw to win one of 5 $100 Gift Vouchers that can be used at the Trainzportal Store.(If you win, you can use your Trainzportal purchases on your Steam version).This is your chance to help us make Trainz better than ever before, so please take 15 minutes or so to let us know what you think.,When move a loco on a turntable without rotate turntable before, all is ok (before movement signal is green or yellow) but, if rotate turntable then aligne it to the loco track i cant move on turntable because the signal remain red with message : \"Line te...,My current PC is 6 years old; I've been planning on buying a new PC for a couple of months now, but my budget is somewhat tight so I need to make sure what PC I get can handle this game and also be easily upgraded down the road, if needed. I found a great...,Is there a secret hand shake I need to do to get the \"good\" Route sessions?I am playing Mojave route (bought for 2019 but playing in TANE)  I get to Mojave and am told to stop just before the red signal.  I get flagged for running the red light with at,<kuid:373941:100841>this is for AWVR C44-9W 6600 - 6799kuid index and CM can't find it,I mean the last 3 trainz games are broken trash with almost no content so I'm being cautious about this.I can get the platinum edition which is cheaper than the deluxe edition, so you get more content for less weirdly enough."
"63"	"516621"	"Power of Love - Chapter 2 Solution"	2016-08-17	0.99	"Strategy,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentThis is solutions for all levels of chapter 2."	"https://imgur.com/a/3KnBp,WIN10为什么打不开游戏，点开游戏什么都没有出现 游戏画面，都没有,,cards or not ?,第一关，就是男孩子，站在蓝箱子前面没法用Z"
"64"	"1050710"	"Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six® Siege - Pro League Maverick Set"	2019-03-26	7.99	"Action"	"About This ContentCelebrate the Rainbow Six Siege Pro League with Maverick's Gold Chibi charm, Celestial Glory uniform, Alchemist headgear and Halcyon Flux weapon skin for the M4.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: General Mature Content"	"As a part of our ongoing efforts to identify and tackle game issues as fast and efficiently as possible, we introduced R6Fix[r6fix.ubi.com] last year. Since then, we have received over 7,000 bug reports.Today, we are excited to introduce our brand new Bug Hunter Program, an initiative that has been designed to reward all those dedicated players that help us to improve the game’s health with every new update.HOW IT WORKSIt’s simple, all you have to do is report any issue you might encounter on the Test Server through R6Fix[r6fix.ubi.com]. You can find a detailed guide on how to report issues here[r6fix.ubi.com] as well as an FAQ[r6fix.ubi.com]. Once we receive your report, our QA team will test it and try to reproduce it, if they succeed, your contribution will be marked as Acknowledged.All issues need to be in English, clearly stated and with visual evidence, either a screenshot or a video that clearly shows the problem. Only the first person to report the acknowledged bug will receive credit towards the rewards.Please note that all duplicated issues after this first report will be automatically discarded and will not count in order to get the rewards.Once you reach the threshold of 3 issues or more marked as acknowledged, you will receive a very special reward. Rewards will be distributed every other Friday.REWARDSVeteran players will remember one of our more ancient and harmless bugs, the raptor legs[i.redd.it]. We are bringing it back, but only in the shape of a Frost charm to be granted to all those players that reach the threshold of 3 acknowledged bugs.We are planning to add more thresholds in the near future and we will keep you updated on how to get new rewards.The Bug Hunter Program will be activated on the test server on April 25th 2019 and will remain active until further notice. All reports received before that date will not count towards the rewards.We look forward to your feedback on this feature on the forums[forums.ubi.com], and the official subreddit!,I am done playing this game until the boosting issue is fixed. I love this game, honestly it's my favorite game right now but I can't stand the game ending and seeing a 3 stack with a Platinum 1, Silver 2, and a Copper 4. I'm not good at the game and I un...,^,keep it up, morons,Why Gridlock and Clash are cringe?,We have compiled the many variables involved in weapon FOV and input sensitivity on PC in order to ensure everyone understands how to get their perfect sensitivity.Weapon Field of View (FOV) is modified differently depending on which weapon and optic you have equipped. When aiming down sights, each optic type changes your FOV based on a specific modifier.Read the full article on the official website.[rainbow6.ubisoft.com],Halfway through each Season, the “Designer’s Notes” shares information about the work of our balancing team. We are using data gathered since Wind Bastion balancing changes and the introduction of new Australian operators.We use player feedback to help show us where to begin looking, and data to drive balancing changes. Combining both of these aspects helps us to decide if adjustments are needed. Sharing this data should give everyone as much context as possible to explain our changes and explain the reasoning behind them.ATTACKERSDEFENDERSUPCOMING CHANGESLion Replaced the scan outline by a red ping debuff Reduced the ability warning from 3 to 1.5 seconds Reduced the scanning from 4 to 2 seconds Reduced the ability cool-down from 27 to 15 seconds Increased the number of charges from 2 to 3The Lion rework is ready. This change is aimed at reducing the oppressive feeling of his ability while maintaining his intel-gathering role. Following the changes introduced, we expect players to put more thought before using this ability and require more skill to be advantageous for the attacking team.By switching from a scan outline to a ping debuff (like Alibi's), the effectiveness of the enemy detection will be diminished. Now, moving defenders can be detected up to three times, with 1 second between pings. Lion's scan will be more viable and will allow defenders to counter-play successful Lion detections.The total duration of Lion's ability is shorter for both the warning and the scanning phases. The scan will last a total of 3.5 seconds (from 7 seconds).To balance things, we have increased the number of uses to 3 and also reduced the ability cool-down.Nomad Added an idle sound cue to activated Airjabs. Stun grenades replace her Claymore.In response to feedback about Airjabs being too difficult to counter, we added an idle sound following the gadget deployment. Our goal is to reward cautious players to spot nearby Airjabs and to adapt appropriately.Thanks to her Airjabs, Nomad already had three gadgets designed to counter flanking by the defending team. That is why we decided to give her stun grenades instead.Ying In order to make Ying’s Candelas more intuitive and simple, we have inverted the cooking mechanic.Just like frag grenades, the longer you cook them, the earlier they will explode. This change should also drive Ying players to put more effort into planning their attacks and to reduce Candela’s spamming.Kaid We have reduced the TCSG12 total ammunition to 51 (from 61). The AUG-A3 damage is increased to 33 (from 27).By reducing the amount of slugs, we want players to choose between destroying soft walls to prepare their defence and using the weapon to repel attackers.Increasing the damage of the AUG-A3 should make it a more viable choice for Kaid mains.Maestro To reduce the effectiveness of his Evil eyes, its bulletproof windows will now be half-way opened when affected EMPs or Shock Drones.By allowing Thatcher or Twitch to have an effect on Evil Eyes, we want teams to rely a little less on soft destruction operators. Maestro mains will also have to be slightly more cautious when placing their gadgets.Blitz To reduce the frustration generated by this operator, the ballistic shield flash cool-down has been increased (from 2 to 7 seconds.)We are looking into reducing the amount of frustration generated by Blitz, without hampering his ability to rush the objective. Increasing the cool-down of his shield flash should give more leeway to defenders to adapt and counter the operator.Echo IQ can now detect Echo when he is using his PDA.For consistency, IQ will now detect Echo when he is using his PDA.Current StatusDoc and RookFollowing the MP5 damage decrease (patch Y3S4.2), we have seen a slight reduction in Doc and Rook pick rates as well as in their win ratios. They both remain two very solid anchors who are now closer the overall pool of defenders in terms of statistics.AshThe removal of Ash's ACOG removal with Burnt Horizon was an attempt to reduce her pick rate. We removed a popular attachment that was unnecessary to her role as an opener. Following an impressive drop of 20% in her pick rate, she remains a very popular attacker and her win ratio has even improved.,Posted: April 30Product received for freemh,buggy and so on but good game heh.but i hate the tking and the trolling.,Posted: April 29I got lot of time on game its very nice! Needs better hit reg tho.,Posted: April 30one of the best pvp games,I'm thinking to download it to my current pc but my download speed sucks so if it is possible to transfer the game to other computer? please answer... Thank you."
"65"	"323430"	"Crow"	2014-10-06	9.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"Reviews“Crow could be the greatest iPhone game I’ve ever played.”Kotaku“Crow is a game that beckons you to take a flight through the dark side in an adventure that lets you choose your own path.”4/5 – PC Magazine“Crow's world is definitely one of the most compelling I've visited”4/5 – iFanzine,About This GameCrow is the critically acclaimed, story-driven action-adventure developed by Sunside. Combining unique exploration, combat, and game mechanics, Crow takes the player on an exciting journey to faraway lands where an ancient battle is unfolding. Your choices will forever alter the course of this world. Will you Curse your foes or Spare them and risk the consequences?Now available with new high resolution graphics and advanced rendering features tuned for the PC. Keyboard and mouse controls are tuned for the PC platform.★★★Beautiful New Graphics Effects Designed For the PC★★★Remastered Soundtrack★★★Editors Choice (Game of the Week) on the Mac App StoreFeaturing:● Sweeping musical score - DRM free music tracks included with purchase!● Immersive story line● Meaningful player choiceHere's what reviewers have said about Crow★ \"It's rare to find such a compelling mix of 3D graphics, story and action-adventure gameplay\" - Apple - Editor's Choice★ \"Crow is a game that beckons you to take a flight through the dark side in an adventure that lets you choose your own path.\" - PC Magazine★ \"Crow could be the greatest iPhone game I’ve ever played.\" - Kotaku - Gaming App of the Day★ \"Crow's world is definitely one of the most compelling I've visited\" - iFanzine - 4/5Follow us!http://twitter.com/SunsideGameshttp://www.facebook.com/sunsidegameshttp://www.sunsidegames.com"	"Posted: October 11, 2015Crow is an excellent example of an interesting game badly ported from mobile devices to pc. True: I've not gotten far into it, and only scratched the surface of the story after half an hour. And I'd love to know what the game is all about. But the horrible controls don't allow me to do that: I feel like I have barely control over the crow. To make matters a lot worse: this is probably the first game ever which got me motion-sick. I've played thousands upon thousands of hours in first-person shooters, some of them very fast moving ones, and never got this feeling before. But I can tell you: it's horrible to feel and it makes me really sick. I guess it's because of the fact that the entire screen wobbles while flying, looking upon the crow in third-person view from over the shoulder (and pretty far of). There's no fixed point left, no horizon, and apparently I can't have that.So although the idea is interesting, I can't recommend this game because I can't play it. If better ported, maybe the motion sickness wouldn't kick in that bad, I don't know. Truth is: it never feels like a pc game at all.,Posted: October 7, 2014To start I think the soundtrack alone is worth it. Fantastic.You play as a crow going through an interesting story: Firstly you fly over exploring open world areas discovering story points, objectives, challenges and 'trinkets' for upgrading your crow. While your at it enjoying the scenery because whilst the game may not be graphically amazing, great design and aesthetic result in a nice looking game. The open world areas are not big but there's a few, varied and they're large enough to explore.Second aspect of the gameplay is the objectives. Completing tasks and challenging the 'guardians' take on a linear set flight path where you balance your energy for shields and attacks, dodging & blocking hazards & attacks while taking down the enemy. Again made a good effort to put in some variety here not to mention you're given choice to 'spare or curse' guardians so I'll be playing again to try the other path.They've got the feel of the game perfect. Flying and gliding your crow around is a great sensation and doesn't at any time feel too slow or too jerky giving the game a great atmosphere and that brings me onto the music.An awesome soundtrack masterfully tops off the good design and feel. It gives weight to the story, makes exploration sections feel open and relaxing and fights become epic encounters. In case you missed it, you get the remastered (9 tracks, 18½min runtime, 48KHz 256kbps mp3) soundtrack with the game.Overall I really enjoy this game and certainly think it's worth a look. One thing could maybe add is oculus rift support when Oculus decide to make an end commercial product. Being an originally mobile developed game shouldn't put you off. It's still a well made game and seems to be a decent quality port running smooth with no glitches and looks like supports all resolutions.,Posted: October 10, 2014Having gotten a Desura copy of this in a Groupees bundle a while back, I've been waiting for this to come to Steam as that (sadly) often seems the trigger for 'the new and improved edition' of games to see if my impressions remain the same.While I do like the actual game, it's 'freshness' if you will, the thin but decent plot and the relative freedom of movement and (though limited) free-roaming, I cannot help but feel that it could be better had it not just been an iOS port.There's no settings to speak off, resolution support which seems aimed to the smaller screens of laptops at best, limited view angles in the game regardless of wide or close view, and controls which are awkward with mouse but likely great on touchscreens and the ever-present-in-mobile games social media links and 'buy now' buttons in the start screen.I do not consider my gripes with this game to be a lot of work to correct, and if the investment is made, this game could get a second life on desktops and not be forgotten as 'another 1:1 port from iOS/Android'.So far Achievement and controller support has been confirmed to be a work-in-progress so this is not a dead-in-the-water straight-from-mobile-port as so many are. May have benefited from being in 'Early Access' but for the price-point it's not a bad buy I would suggest.TLDR; While there's plenty to say 'steer clear' I'm going to go with a 'buy' recommendation though as the developer seems to be quite involved and willing to listen to the community. ,Posted: November 2, 2015In Crow you play as the titular bird and, after a chance meeting with a dark spirit, you're imbued with special powers and set on a path of revenge: it's up to you wether you want to follow the dark spirit's voice or listen to a new one soon appearing in your head, a voice of forgiveness. You'll be exploring small maps flying around and trying to uncover hidden trinkets (to earn skill points) or point of interest: once you're done the actual fight starts and this section plays somewhat similarly to an on-rail shooter.Crow is a mobile port and, despite an upgrade for the Steam release, it shows in its simple gameplay: the concept and story are intriguing though and are original enough to make it worth a shot if you're interested.PROS:-the graphics are decent and pretty, considering it was originally a mobile game-the soundtrack is quite nice and has a dark, epic feel to it-while you can't expect the depth of an RPG the story is quite interesting and pretty original-the fight section gameplay is nice and controls well-good level and boss variety-the fact you can choose to take revenge or spare bosses adds a nice touch and justifies a second playthrough for those interested in seeing what happensNEUTRAL:-one of the two paths is noticeably easier, but you won't know that until you follow itCONS:-some graphical elements stand up as noticeably simpler due to its mobile origin, some textures don't hold up well when you fly nearby and human enemy models are very simple both in looks and animations-the exploration gameplay section feels a bit slow and dull as you fly around somewhat aimlessly trying to uncover what you need-the ending is delivered through credits and feels quite lacking-pretty short,expect about an hour and a halfhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=546846171Crow is a simple game with an equally simple gameplay, as long as you know that and are ok with it its story and narrative are good enough to keep you interested with their mix of dark magic, myths and nature spirits. It's a bit sad that said story is only told through text whenever you reach a point of interest, a few more cutscenes'd have been appreciated for sure.The actual gameplay is ok,as mentioned above the world exploration is honestly \"meh\" at best and felt like filler while the on-rail fights were actually quite fun despite their simplicity: you'll also be able to unlock and upgrade a few skills whenever you gather enough points and this very light RPG element adds some depth to the game.All things considered I think Crow was a satisfying experience and it'd be the same for you if you like this kind of game and/ or love crows: the price is honestly way too much for what it has to offer though. Thankfully Crow has been often put in bundles, or you can wait for a deep sale on it.,Posted: May 26, 2015Sweet, simple game. You fly. One area is an exploration area, the other is a pre-planned flight path with obstacles where you can cast offensive and defensive spells.You have a choice to be forgiving or not at the end of each boss-battle. It kinda drives the story.As of the writing of this review, I'm choosing all unforgiving choices.Helps me with the story I'm writing.,Posted: January 11, 2015Wow... Just wow.I was debating with this game for a long time. I still don't know exactly if it was worth it.Pros:It has a great story to it and the gameplay is simplistic, but not in a bad way. It really hooks you and make you want to play more. The game is extremely responsive and it's obvious that it was given its time in development before it was released to the public. The soundtrack really is beautiful and comes with the game's purchase along with development and marketing images.Cons:EXTREMELY SHORT! It is not worth the $5 price tag because of this. Get it on sale! There is only 4 levels and even with the challenge modes it with only take about an hour to finish the entire thing. I REALLY, REALY, REALLY want there to be more to this game! It has so much potential!,Posted: January 1, 2015- Simplistic (e.g. bad) phone port - I guess it would more fun on tablet as a casual game (20 min in and I am already bored)- Sound issues (muted parts during \"story-telling\")- MANY loading screens- Loading screen freezing ...I was really hoping for something different...,Posted: January 4, 2015Crow is a game where you are a Crow. You do Crow things, like collect gems, learn magical spells, and make clearly black and white moral choices that ultimately decide on the fate of your world (kinda). Get it if it's on sale, or don't if you don't like ports of iOS games made in Unity. Which it IS one of those things.,Posted: March 22, 2015Its a very cool game and all that stuff, but i do not think it is worth 10 euros. I think that is way too much. Since the game is short, and nothing really new happens in it. It is basically the same you have to do, over and over again. But besides that, the music and atmosphere in the game is quite amasing.,Posted: December 12, 2017Product received for freeIt has a Crow."
"66"	"342840"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Slayer - “Dead Skin Mask”"	2015-05-19	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Dead Skin Mask\" by Slayer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"67"	"703100"	"Parabolus"	2018-11-02	4.99	"Action,Indie,Adventure,Space,Shoot 'Em Up"	"About This GameIn the far future, pilot Jimi Baboza is hired by the Helios Corporation to mine asteroids out in space.  The job starts off great but an incident during his mandatory training takes Jimi off on a galaxy wide adventure that will make him wish he had stayed on Earth.  30 Levels of Space Action.Replayable levels with most having multiple routes to explore. Risk versus reward gameplay. Stylised neon glow graphics.   An arena mode where you take on an unlimited number of enemies.Simultaneous gamepad and keyboard support.Parabolus may look like an ordinary arcade shooter on the surface but after few minutes avoiding ambushes and clever opponents you will realise that an overactive trigger finger will only get you so far. Pick your play style depending on your mood, blast everything in sight for a higher score or zoom through the level to complete it as fast as possible. Speed is a factor as most of the thirty levels have multiple routes which may be a shortcut or might just get you lost. Adaptation is the key as a more thoughtful aproach is sometimes needed. You can even mine some asteroids to boost your score if you wish, but beware, some contain enemies and it will cost you time to deal with."	""
"68"	"428500"	"RTK13 - Additional Scenario - “Campaign against Lu Bu” 追加シナリオ「呂布討伐戦」"	2016-01-27	2.99	"Strategy,Simulation"	"About This Content※This is the same scenario that was included in the Special Introductory Bonus.The scenario \"The Campaign  Against Lu Bu\" will be added.▼The Campaign  Against Lu BuAfter Lu Bu successfully tricks Liu Bei and gains control of Xu Province, Liu Bei and Cao Cao join forces to attack!"	"My game just closes as soon as I go into a battle. I have a 2080 and 9700k any ideas?,imagine all the possible combinations, and all the alternate history.,My character currently has 3 wives, but I can't place them in his comrade slot. They simply do not appear. I can't even visit them, nor do they appear inside my house. How come?I did make my game have female officers only through events. Is that what's ...,Are Koei even working on this game or did they just published it and trashed it? I havent seen any updates.,The Pre-Aphla footage is from E3 on June 8.  It's still on early stage of game.  Check out the link belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQX6qBiCu9EThe new ambush gameplay in Total Wars:  Three Kingdoms on August.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIAY...,Posted: April 27Cannot wait for Total War: Three Kingdom on 23rd of May"
"69"	"506620"	"Infamous Machine - Soundtrack + Artbook"	2016-07-26	4.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentIncludes Infamous Machine Artbook and Soundtrack.- 25 Amazing concept art pages. - 12 songs in .mp3 - Music by Kevin MacLeod. 1. Chasing Lupin 2. Cheaty Cheater 3. The Shuffler 4. Gravity 5. A Vomiting Geyser Of Dragonfire 6. Arrows In The Woods 7. Clocks 8. Smile 9. Chill And Paint 10. Bones 11. Night In The Castle 12. I Saw A Dead BodyContent will be downloaded to your Infamous Machine Steam folder."	"I'm getting this error window on launch from steam. java.lang.NullPointerExceptionat org.lwjgl.system.Checks.checkPointer(Checks.java:100)at org.lwjgl.glfw.GLFW.nglfwGetVideoMode(GLFW.java:993)at org.lwjgl.glfw.GLFW.glfwGetVideoMode(GLFW.java:1013...,Hello all, There's two guys discussing near alchemist's store. What am I supposed to do about them?,Posted: April 29Marvelous game. Everytthing is perfect and polished to a high degree. Fun to watch, listen and play.,At least on Linux, the InfamousMachine.sh script has a bug whereby recent Java versions are not recognized as greater than 1.8I'm on Ubuntu Studio 18.04 and have 2 JRE installed:openjdk-8-jre for Minecraftopenjdk-11-jre for other applications (e.g. Sw...,Under 5$ on sale currently. Is it worth the money? It's been on my wishlist for a long time,I cannot use anything in my inventory. It is really hard to open it with the mouse because it wants me to double click for everything. It selects and deselects repeatedly, and it takes like 5 tries to select an inventory item. Then it wont let me use them...,Posted: May 2It was pretty fun, but I got it to play with my son and Kelvin swears way too much. I want to share funny games with my son and nephews. Why can't they make more fun loving games without the crud? We got through the first level, but it just wasn't worth going on as it looked like it was just going to have more language in it than before.,Posted: May 4Liked it, but it was way too short, and a bit too easy."
"70"	"919720"	"Oriental Empires: Genghis"	2018-11-13	9.99	"Strategy,Indie,Simulation"	"About This ContentParticipate in the extraordinary rise of Genghis Khan, in Oriental Empires: Genghis. Begin as a homeless outcast and become the legendary warrior in a brand new campaign. New maps, buildings, units, resources, technologies and characters enrich and expand your quest to become a true Khan of Khans.Become the first Great Khan of the Mongol EmpireTrain and grow a small band of warriors, cultivate alliances and pick your battles wisely to subdue the rival clans and unite the Mongol nation. Earn the title of the fearsome Genghis Khan and unleash an all-out war on the great powers of the Xi Xia, Khwarazm and Jin Dynasty era. Are you the builder of a bridge between East and West that changed the world forever? Claim your place in history as its greatest conqueror.More Oriental EmpiresGuide humble Temuchin on his path to becoming the revered Genghis Khan, and experience important moments from his life in the new story campaign - or play a sandbox campaign set around the time of his birth. Genghis is set on a new map that extends from China in the East across the vast steppes of Mongolia, covering the great cities of the Silk Road, and reaching what was to become Afghanistan and Iran in the West. Stunning new building models bring the cities of the Silk Road and Islamic Central Asia to life. Discover new resources, technologies and characters as your quest unfolds.Genghis featuresBecome Genghis Khan in a brand new story campaign Play as other new factions in the ‘Time of the Mongols’ sandbox campaignA new map that extends from China in the East across the vast steppes of Mongolia all the way to the Caspian Sea Stunning new buildingsNew roster of Mongol unitsNew units for the Turkish tribes and the Empire of KhwarazmMany new resources, technologies and characters "	"Update: The game has released, but we are still very much interested in reading your thoughts.Please leave them here :)-Surtur,I keep getting stuck at what I think is midgame. I build or takeover 10 cities, and now my game has bogged down because I have so many units and cities, so each turn takes a long time, plus the processing of the AI resolution, so it at least FEELS as thou...,Does Oriental Empires starts in the year of Warring States? Does anyonehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4D42vMUSIM know what period it is?Also Three Kingdom is coming out, would it better to get oriental empires or wait for 3K Total War?,It seems as though my units sometimes disband after losing a few men, but the enemies can fight three times, with only a few men remaining, before disbanding. What gives? Anything besides chance. light unit v light unit no leadersSeems as though it needs...,My main concerns are what the top review says-that cities get to be so large that no matter what you do you cannot make the populace happy, and that you cannot control a large empire because after a certain point too many cities mechanically make your fac...,Posted: April 28Dude this game....totally loved it!!!I believe it was on a low price sale and bought it just for the sake of it. Well, it really got me good! Not only the SOUNDTRACK is stunning, but graphics and the 4X play is really something.So far I had no negative critics to say, sure Nobles been quite a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but...what else could they be good for?Played as Shu for a couple of ours and really gettin the hang of this game.If you like Total War saga and a bit of Galactic Civilizations/Civilization/Age of Wonders with a touch of China's history, this is your game."
"71"	"384380"	"Blues and Bullets - Episode 2"	2015-12-25	4.99	"Adventure"	"About This ContentEliot Ness, the former leader of the legendary Untouchables, wished only to spend the rest of his days working in his diner, not dwelling too much on the cesspit of corruption his city, Santa Esperanza, had degenerated into.But things rarely go as planned.When children suddenly start to disappear and the police just simply a blind eye, Eliot decides to take the law into his own hands, track down the culprit and bring him to justice by any means necessary, even if he has to abandon his dreams of a peaceful life and again get embroiled in shootouts with the usual array of assassins and hoodlums. Helped by various characters from some unexpected places, the player must guide Eliot through the increasingly morbid and decadent scenarios searching for clues to solve the cases in the five episodes of this season's Blues and Bullets.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: General Mature Content"	"Is there any information on episode 3? It's been a significant amount of time since 2, and I've seen absolutely nothing on the next chapter.,Posted: May 2The game had potential but after years of waiting and no third chapter no word on developer of continuing it and seeming that they've stopped selling the season and for a long time went to only selling the first two chapters now I can't even see a thing for buying it at all and with not a single word to anyone I'd say we can say this is dead. Now whatever the case they failed to deliver the full game have failed to refund people who paid for the entire game leaving the only option to contact steam who only offered a partial refund to cover the unreleased chapters and they failed to deliver any word. They could have said they couldn't deliver it. Sure, not easy news to deliver but all this time of silence after making false promises doesn't help their case. Do not expect a full and complete story from this game as at this point it seems they've given up on it.,Hi guys!Many of you requested the possibility of purchasing already the Season Pass that includes the next 4 episodes once you've bought the first one. And your wishes are our command! So if you've already bought the first episode, that's your pack! Y...,Hello guys. We're currently working to solve some performance problems that some of you helped us to know about which are related with DirectX11.Those PCs affected by this problem now will experience a major performance improvement, specially the ones i...,https://twitter.com/CrowdOfMonsters/status/780430053771476993'No, Blues And Bullets is not cancelled […] We are passing through difficult times, but the game is not cancelled. If we cancel it we will advice, don't worry.',https://steamdb.info/sub/72343/history/?changeid=2497732\"Added IgnorePurchaseDateForRefunds – true\"Looks like refunds are open?EDIT: just got my refund"
"72"	"610280"	"Drums Hero - Indie Music Pack"	2017-09-04	5.99	"Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentThis DLC includes:27 club - THE MUFFShot Of 69 - The MUFFadam da r - Sintas BandAnything But Everything - Color OutMatches - Slow CorpseWhat Is Love - Melanie UngarLucky Day - RogerThatMeanwhile - Roller GenoaTomorrow wanted - Tomorrow Wanted深海怪兽 - Crow’s –Feet BandEach song has at least two levels of difficulty.New song’s drum spectrum refers to digital percussion pad, it will make your hands movements more regular, more fun to play. The basic rhythm beat with rich change fill, will make you more deeply appreciate the music, feel the music fun, experience performing pleasure. We have also made some adjustments to the difficulty of playing, that the overall difficulty is much lower and easier to play."	"*.prf files are basically the drum notes sequence, like MDI.Here is what you should do:Supply the prf for popular songs and allow us to load our local copy of the song to play,and allow us to create our own prf for songs we want.1. Create prf's for...,Hi guys,I still play this game because it's intuitive and fun. Is there by chance to have some news of your project? It's been more than a year now and we have nothing from youOr did I miss something? :/,So far I am enjoying the game, but it hurts me to say, that it keeps freezing on me during the fun mode of the first song. Music keeps playing, but in VR I see steam loading game tile and on the Desktop it says, that the game is unresponsive :/ Help woul...,Hello guys,Thanks for this great experience again !I have notice 2 situations when I play1 - Sometimes when I hit a drum, it doesn't recognize the hit. It happens often when the system loads a new sound or if the rythm changes (often left cymbal and..., Anyway, I'll send my email here:  Hi, I bought the VR version of Drums Hero, and I would like my PC key, please.Thanks,AyyJman14P.S. Can't you set it in Steam to give VR owners the PC version, automatically?P.P.S. How is developing the sup..."
"73"	"3320"	"Insaniquarium Deluxe"	2006-08-30	4.99	"Casual,Simulation,Singleplayer,Classic,Aliens,Point & Click,Underwater,Action,Clicker,Strategy,Cute,Colorful,Funny,Psychological Horror,Difficult"	""	"Posted: March 14, 2014Back before PopCap was bought by EA and the company saw the detriments that the very move brings, they made the most awesome \"casual\" games that somehow intrigued both casual and hardcore gamers alike. PopCap's major successes include Bejeweled, Peggle, and Plants Vs. Zombies, but through playing all of their games for the past twelve years, Insaniquarium is by far my personal favorite, and in my opinion, the most original, creative, and fun. This game is part simulation, part \"management\", part tycoon, part action, and all sorts of...well, insanity. You are put in charge of an aquarium, where you can buy goldish, carnivorous fish, and many other types of creatures that you grow and make money off of. (First win of the game: goldfish poop money!) You use this money for upgrades (upgrade the food to make the fish grow faster and get hungry less often, buy carnivorous fish that poop diamonds but eat little goldfish, etc.). You have access to dozens of unlockable aquarium pets throughout the game that help you in various ways, and you choose which three you'd like to bring to any level. Oh, but I haven't mentioned the aliens. That's right, folks, aliens are so jealous of your awesometacular aquarium that they'll attack, and throughout the campaign the aliens get fiercer (and sometimes come in multiples!). Aliens will eat your fish, but not if you kill them first with a laser gun that you can also upgrade...with the money your fish poop, of course.Not only does this game have a great campaign that will keep you busy over the course of quite a few hours, but it also presents new challenges to the player along the way, in the forms of various alien types, different fish you have to figure out how to make profitable, etc. Not only that, but throughout playing you'll unlock sea shells that serve as currency for a \"Pet Aquarium\", where you can purchase fish (among other things) for a relaxing sim aquarium. These fish are essentially the same species from the game, but they come in a large variety of color combinations and sometimes even have special skills (some hilarious, some useful, etc.). What's even better? The selection of fish in the store is randomized and changed daily, meaning you'll come across some really awesome fish one day that you might not see for awhile again, so you can save your shells and get rarities or even just cool looking fish to add to you aquarium. You can collect quite a few, and you can even name them. You also have access to their \"interests\" screen, where you can learn more about your fish. Does Gill like to take walks in the park? How long have you owned little Floater? You can see all that and more.Insaniquarium is a perfect example of PopCap at their finest. Sure, the game is \"casual\", but it offers you so many options and it has so much detail that many developers wouldn't have added in (like telling you your fish's interests, for example). If you are a fan of PopCap's earlier work, buy this. If you are a fan of simulation or tycoon games, buy this. If you are looking for a game with a sense of humor to pass a few hours, buy this. This is PopCap's best effort, and will forever be a classic.,Posted: January 11, 2015when i was in kindergarten and 1st grade and stuffi always wanted this gamei played demos on various sites, begging god that someday i'd get to have itit is now 2015 and i finally have the game after all these yearsthank you jesus11/10,Posted: October 25, 2017The only people who don't like this game are the ones who didn't play it as a kid.,Posted: March 4, 2018This game was basically my childhood,Posted: June 19, 2015Childhood game. Can't get any more classic.10/10 better than COD,Posted: August 14, 2015My fish poop moneyMy fish eventually poop diamondsI feed my fish drugs to poop starsSome fish poop out treasure chestsOther fish poop out other fishAliens eat my fishMy fish eat my fish10/10,Posted: June 20, 2014If you ever wanted to keep fish but were worried about how to deal with the inevitable alien tank invasions which would occur multiple times a day, this game will be perfect practice for you!,Posted: June 22, 2018Decided to take it back a decade and buy the games I played as a kid. This game was my absolute favourite as a kid. Definitely worth it for the nostalgia and it's still just as fun and addictive.,Posted: February 27Better Than Fortnite and Apex Legends,Posted: December 22, 2018after my dad would slap the shiit out of me i'd go to my room and cry while playing this game thank you PopCap"
"74"	"478055"	"Zaccaria Pinball - Aerobatics Table"	2016-06-16	1.99	"Free to Play,Casual,Simulation,Sports"	"About This ContentPurchase this DLC disables score limit on this table!AerobaticsInformation:Name: AerobaticsTheme: FlyingProduction year: 1977Type: Electro-mechanical (EM)Features:1 playfield2 flippers2 pop bumpers2 kickout holes2 spinners1-bank spot target (3)1-bank drop target (3)"	"NEW DLC: FIRE MOUNTAIN 2019 TABLEhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/1029680/UPDATED DLC: ZACCARIA PINBALL - ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACKhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/999070/BUG FIX: COMMONOPTIMIZED cpu code for better gpu utilization, even 50% better overall performance.UPDATED higher resolution textures for backglass on all tables.BUG FIX: MULTIPLAYERFIXED an issue that skip your game after tilt (thread).FIXED an issue that caused missing or moved textures/objects (thread).BUG FIX: BLACKBELT 2018FIXED missing feature of pop bumpers in the rules (thread).FINE-TUNED score value for special from 10 million to 30 million (thread).BUG FIX: CIRCUS 2017FIXED an issue that caused stuck ball in the outlanes on some cases (thread).BUG FIX: COMBATFIXED wrong scoring of bombs targets to give 1,000 points when red special lamp is off (thread).FIXED a missing ‘BOMBS SCORE 1,000 POINTS’ text in front of bomb targets.BUG FIX: COMBAT 2017FIXED an issue that made the ball stuck in the outlanes (thread).BUG FIX: CLOWN 2019FINE-TUNED values of 90 Sec achievements (thread).BUG FIX: DEVIL RIDERS 2019FINE-TUNED value of bumper wizard achievement from 40 to 30.FIXED missing vocal sample for extra ball (thread).FIXED a spinner issue when the ball does not hit it in some cases (thread).BUG FIX: EARTH WIND FIREFIXED wrong sound effect of top rollovers, bumpers, bottom rollovers and slingshots (thread).BUG FIX: EARTH WIND FIRE 2017FIXED wrong function of multipliers to give 1 extra ball after 10x bonus multiplier.FIXED an issue that caused stuck ball on the right ramp (thread).BUG FIX: GRANADAFIXED missing ‘advance’ text above top rollovers (thread).FIXED wrong function of top rollovers to advance center special sequence (thread).FIXED wrong function of left and right drop targets to light left and right special up (thread).BUG FIX: MAGIC CASTLEFIXED function of red special sequence to not be reset when the ball is lost (thread).BUG FIX: MEXICO ‘86FIXED an issue that caused flipper re-activation issue after game time bonus (thread).FIXED an issue that caused malfunction of one-way gate near top rollovers (thread).BUG FIX: POOL CHAMPION 2018FIXED function of numbered lamps to be extra ball rewarded once per a ball.FIXED function of mode 2 to be completed by  another task (thread).FIXED playing issue of pre-launch music when the music is turned off (thread).BUG FIX: SPACE SHUTTLEFIXED wrong sound effect of eject hole (thread).BUG FIX: SPOOKY 2017FINE-TUNED entrance of the right ramp to be wider a bit for easier shot.BUG FIX: STRIKEFIXED texture issue on the right bumper cap (thread).BUG FIX: RED SHOWFIXED wrong function of specials to give and extra ball (thread).FIXED missing function of the bumper to alternate lamps of rollovers (thread).BUG FIX: TOP HANDFIXED an issue that made the ball very bouncing around the flipper  (thread).FIXED wrong function of drop targets and their lamps  (thread).BUG FIX: ZOMBIEFIXED wrong function of multiball (thread).BUG FIX: WINTER SPORTSREMOVED puncher achievements because of impossible completion.,In Campaign Mode after update #70 flippers are standing in abnormal position on every table. Flippers - mostly the main right - cannot hold the ball continuously, after a short time they start to vibrate. The phenomenon only present in campaign mode in th...,Hizaccaria not working with my pimax , i have sound, but screen stay loading display steam , and on the monitor the game is here :(,NEW DLC: DEVIL RIDERS 2019 TABLEhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/1029820/UPDATED DLC: ZACCARIA PINBALL - ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACKhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/999070/BUG FIX: COMMONFIXED an issue that caused very strong dmd reflection on the topglass (thread).BUG FIX: BLACKBELT 2018FIXED an issue that played pre-launch theme when the music was off (thread).BUG FIX: CLOWN 2019ADDED more display time for character selection and hint text on the dmd (thread).FIXED wrong function of ramps to be counted for ramp achievements (thread).FIXED wrong function of loop to be super loop rewarded (thread).REMOVED Locker achievements because of almost impossible completion (thread).FIXED wrong function of flyaway target in mode named ‘Cake’ (thread).FIXED wrong texture of flyaway target.BUG FIX: DEVIL RIDERSFIXED wrong sound effects of top spot targets when all drop targets are down (thread).BUG FIX: GRANADAFIXED wrong function of center target to give an extra ball for special (thread).BUG FIX: NAUTILUS 2018FIXED an issue to played game over theme when the last ball is drained (thread).BUG FIX: POOL CHAMPION 2019FIXED flashing issue of the slingshots (thread).FIXED missing rules (thread).FIXED wrong function of right kickback (thread).BUG FIX: SPACE SHUTTLEFIXED missing function of the holes, to light with red light when special is lit (thread).BUG FIX: TROPICALFIXED missing knocker sound effect of target and inlane specials (thread).FIXED memorize issue of drop targets, rollover and bonus lamps (thread).BUG FIX: WIZARDFIXED an issue that made table unplayable when 2+ players are playing and a ball is lost in multiball (thread).BUG FIX: ZOMBIEFIXED an issue that made table unplayable when 2+ players are playing and a ball is lost in multiball (thread).,The ball is too bouncy its like rubber, its so annoying. good game tho.,First off, I really appreciate that touch works right out of the box for launching the ball and activating the left and right flippers based on location. However, I can't figure out how to nudge the table with touch input.For touch input options there is...,It seems the current 30 million on the 90 sec gold achievement is very high.Completing 1 mode is not enough to get it (even if you had 1 or 2 skill shots).I think a better balance for gold would be 15 million.,Posted: April 29Early Access Reviewvr?????"
"75"	"875640"	"Escape Artist"	NA	NA	"Indie,VR"	"About This GameIn this VR game try your skill as an Escape Artist to solve the puzzles and get out of the room! Explore, use items, and solve clues to crack the code and find your way out. The first in a series. All screenshots and trailers show the Demo"	""
"76"	"318680"	"History in Letters - The Eternal Alchemist"	2015-12-08	7.99	"Adventure,Indie,Point & Click"	"About This GameNicolas Flamel gained posthumous fame as an alchemist. According to legend, he is said to have found the philosopher's stone and attained immortality. Today, this is commonly dismissed as a fairy tale. The philologist Remy Chaveau thinks the same until he gets hold of a previously unknown diary. The book documents the search for Flamel’s mysteries in a very cryptic way and it looks like the diary's author was close to solving them just before he died. Henceforth, Remy follows in the footsteps of the diary’s deceased writer and is drawn into a whirlwind of dark secrets and intrigues. \"History in Letters\" invites you to a riddle-filled adventure in France. Not only does the game feature historical facts about Flamel and French history, it also tells many interpersonal conflicts. The story is peppered with over a dozen puzzles which make the game more challenging and enjoyable. Take on the role of linguist Remy Chaveau and search for clues and hints. Solve tricky puzzles to reveal the secret of the mysterious diary. An exciting journey through France and into the mysterious depths of Paris awaits you!"	"Posted: November 6, 2016So I bought this game because I had a coupon and love point and click adventure games. Even with a coupon I don't think the price was worth it (EDIT: on sale for $10 from $15 USD). I got all the achievements (less 2) in 6 hours. Every dialogue advancement causes the character sprites to flicker. Most puzzles are skipable - which on the one had is nice so you don't get stuck, on the other makes the game a lot shorter. The incentive to complete the puzzles is to get the achievement and your money's worth - although most of them could be solved with random guesswork and button pushing. And others, when I eventually did figure out what you're supposed to do, there was no context clue that I could find to hint at that solution (I'm looking at you last puzzle of the game). Without seeing the achievement title I likely would have been stuck longer.To make matters worse, I tried to start a new game to see if I could clean up missing achievements - I found on a second playthrough you get glitched halfway through the game and cannot advance. On a second playthrough, the items in your inventory that you need to find are greyed out in the hidden object scenes. This is annoying but not game breaking. What does break the game is when you are in the library and need to solve a simple guess puzzle of putting books on the shelf based on the author's nationality, the books vanish from your inventory when you click on them. This puzzle cannot be skipped. Exiting the unbeatable puzzle causes all other inventory items to disappear. I only fixed this by deleting all my save data and starting again - not a huge loss since I completed the game a second time within an hour.All that said, I really did have some fun with this game, mostly because there was no guide and I had to figure everything out myself. But when I look at its faults and the total gameplay time, I'd strongly suggest only buying it when it's on sale, if at all.,Posted: December 15, 2015After playing 'History in Letters' the team's deep love for old school adventures becomes apparent, combined with a modern approach towards the genre with relaxing Hidden Objects pictures and knocking puzzles. It is a nice little treat if you look for a new adventure.The story is set in Paris, following smart♥♥♥♥♥Remy on the trail of the notorious alchemist Nicolas Flamel which somewhat evoked an appetite to dig more into the topic of who Flamel really was. The lovely crafted setting is an interesting mix of fancyful set-ups, French-styled cafés, buildings and dungeons to crack your head over puzzles and solve the mystery of the inherited diary.,Posted: October 4, 2017At first I tried to like this game because of the subject matter, then I tried turning a blind eye to what bothered me about it, and in the end I gave up and asked for a refund.The dialogue was not very inspiring.  I would not characterize it as inane because it is one cut better than that, but just barely.It's hard to tell when you should click to advance the dialogue.  If you do you might miss something, but that's probably not a bad thing.I wasn't expecting the game to be about finding hidden objects, but it is.  I encountered three puzzles, none of them giving hints as to what I was supposed to do.  That wasn't a problem on the first puzzle (an uninspired cypher solving puzzle), but the next two were hidden object finders, after which I threw in the towel in disgust.There are several YouTube walkthroughs that I should have looked at before buying the game, because I would have realized what I was getting myself into.A shame, because medieval alchemy is a great subject."
"77"	"65800"	"Dungeon Defenders"	2011-10-18	14.99	"Tower Defense,RPG,Co-op,Strategy,Online Co-Op,Action,Multiplayer,Fantasy,Indie,Third Person,Local Co-Op,Singleplayer,Local Multiplayer,4 Player Local,Split Screen,Action RPG,Loot,Hack and Slash,Addictive,Third-Person Shooter"	"Reviews“…raises the bar for downloadable titles.”9.5/10 – Destructoid     “...countless hours of entrancingly addictive gameplay”85/100 – http://pc.ign.com/articles/121/1211303p1.html “Blend DotA-style crystal defending with the strategic building of a tower defense title and the loot-whoring aspect of a Diablo-like action-RPG and you have a genre fusion that will keep you coming back.”4.5/5 – GamePro,About This GameDungeon Defenders is a Tower Defense Action-RPG where you must save the land of Etheria from an Ancient Evil! Create a hero from one of four distinct classes to fight back wave after wave of enemies by summoning defenses and directly participating in the action-packed combat!Customize and level your character, forge equipment, gather loot, collect pets and more! Take your hero through multiple difficulty modes and challenge/survival missions to earn more experience & even better treasure. Join your friends with 4-player online and local (splitscreen) co-op to plan your strategies together or compete in PvP Deathmatch.Key Features4-player Online and Local Co-Op - Team-up with up to 3 friends to defend cooperatively, with character classes that support each other’s strengths and weaknesses. Dynamically combine local (splitscreen) and online players and leave/join any time, so that the game’s always full.Tower-Defense Meets Action-RPG - Choose your class, customize your character & equipment, strategically assemble your defenses, and participate directly in action-packed battle to preserve your castle against the invading horde!4 Distinct Character Classes - Each character class has a different skill tree, set of towers, and even basic attacks! You can choose if you want to play stealthy, turn invisible, and plant traps behind enemy lines with the Huntress or go all out, block off choke points, and brutally beat your foes into submission with the Squire!Loot and Level-Up - Grab the mounds of money and items that your defeated foes drop and trade them or store them for later use in your Item Box! Getting kills and completing waves earns you experience points, which can be used to upgrade your characters, skills, equipment, and towers on a per-statistic basis. Do you want to enhance Hit Points, Attack Rate, Damage, etc? The choice is yours... Store your massive overflow of money in the 'Mana Bank' and then spend it to improve your equipment or trade with other players. Proudly show off your best equipment in your own 'Adventurer’s Tavern', without fear of item theft!Tons of Enemies and Huge Boss Fights - Over 100 simultaneous enemies will attempt to tear through your defenses and gigantic Boss Monsters will appear to rain down havoc upon everyone. Only by employing the most effective defensive strategies, teamwork, and strong characters will you defeat such devilish foes! Many enemy types run the gamut from big dumb Orcs swinging huge axes, to lithe Dark Elves that strike from the shadows, to crazy kamikaze goblins! Can you defeat the epic boss battles and collect the special loot while still defending your crystals?Mission & Game Play Variety - Each level has a different visual setting, layout, enemy types, traps, and distinct surprises. To collect all the loot and reach the highest levels you must take your character through 4 difficulty modes, survival missions, challenge maps, and more! Some maps force you to have mobile defenses, guarding a crystal which warps around the map. Others have YOU attacking enemy encampments!Collect and Trade Pets Online - A variety of pets exist to assist you in the land of Etheria, each with distinct behaviors. These pets can be leveled-up and customized to match your unique play-style. They can even be traded online with other players!Secure Trading System - Afraid another player won't live up to their word? Use our secure trading system to trade your precious weapons, armor, and pets with other players online! Watch your name and fame spread online, as people seek out the best pet raisers or item forgers!A Mountain of Stats - Every shot you take, kill you make, and defense you build is logged and recorded for posterity. Pore over the voluminous charts and graphs at the end of each session to analyze your team’s performance, quickly review your best statistics for each level, and compare your data online with other players to see who is the greatest hero of all. Furthermore, your Achievements are visible for all to see within your very own Adventurer’s Tavern, and the highest scores for each of your heroes are ranked on the worldwide leaderboards!Dungeon Defenders Development Kit - Dungeon Defenders includes a free development kit where you can create and edit new Dungeon Defenders missions and more utilizing all of the existing Dungeon Defenders assets. Download and share these user created levels via Steam Workshop for an endless Dungeon Defenders experience!"	"Posted: June 12, 2017BACKGROUND:This game was gifted to me from someone I had once played Team Fortress 2 with. I never imagined I would have had so many hours of entertainment. I've met a lot of amazing people through this game that I've kept in touch with for years. Although labeled as a tower defense, its unique playstyle sets it apart from many other tower defense games in my opinion.PROS:-character variety (4 core builders; the rest are DLC)-maps offer diffferent amounts of difficulty-loot is satisfying as hell (especially when you get your first Ultimate++)-incredibly fun with a group of friends-you can still solo if you prefer-achievements are actually worth going for as they reward you with characters skins that boost DPS-lots of old players that are still around that are eager to guide new playersCONS:-if you're not a student athlete, this game isn't for you-late game (Nightmare mode) \"requires\" DLC heroes such as the Summoner and EV-unfortunate lack of popularity therefore not as active community wise as it used to beSome of these cons aren't terrible if you plan to purchase this game during a sale; there's a lot of value in the collector's edition.As you can tell, I haven't spent very much time on this game, but that should not hinder you from being persuaded to purchase this game. I would have to rate this game overall as an 8.5/10. I won't go out on a limb and say this is the most amazing game, but it's quite a decent one that you'll come back to over and over if you get hooked.,Posted: July 20, 2018This game has destroyed my life.,Posted: June 27, 2017Better than Dungeon Defenders 2.,Posted: March 4, 2018better than dungeon defender 2,Posted: November 23, 2017Much Better Than DD2 - Still the King.,Posted: January 29, 2018Really good co-op game to play with your friendsJust stay away from the Dungeon Defenders 210/10,Posted: November 25, 2013Colorful graphics addictive game play and fun all around.  I have amassed over 3000 hours in Dungeon Defenders.  ALL PLAY NO AFK SHOP! I am not even close to done with it yet.Dungeon defenders 2 is on the way but DD1 still has lots of life left to it of this I am certain. At a mere $15 for the base game it is a great deal. When it goes on sale you can even find the complete bundle for under $13! Not sure if you will like it? Try the free demo you have nothing to lose!,Posted: August 5, 2017Despite It Having A Sequel. I Love The Older Game. 1. Dlc Isnt That Expensive For A Whole New Level/Character. 2. Fun Gameplay That Never Ends. 3. Workshop Keeps The Game Alive. Give This Game A Shot Even If Theres A Cash-Grab Sequel. Overall, 9/10,Posted: December 24, 2017Overall a great game. Better than DD2 in my opinion. Many hours of fun gameplay form this game.,Posted: October 16, 2016Good game, fun even after the end (still far behind on completing).  Daughter pressed start on the logitech controller, realized i can dual screen, but it was right before bed time, good luck putting her to sleep.  45 mins later finally get her to sleep, Realize controller don't work, needed simple mods to work it.  Working, Next day, wakes me up at 6:30AM to play Dungeon defenders.  We play i yawn, she laughs.  Good times.  Halloween comes, she wants to dress up as a summoner with the book ... Last couple years it was princesses. Now Summoner.  Going to be interesting,  50% done making the custome!"
"78"	"622240"	"Fantasy Grounds - Ddraig Goch's Tyranny 5 (Token Pack)"	2017-04-19	5.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentDdraig Goch's Tyranny Pack 5This product depicts 56 uniquely designed, 3D rendered tokens to be used in your fantasy role-playing games. The pack consists of both good and evil forces. Bandits both male and female, Orcs, Ogres, Merchants both male and female, Bullfrog Men, Lizardfolk, Giant Frogs, Giant Lizards, Veterans both male and female and a Troll.This Token Pack includes:    13 Bandits    8 Bullywugs    Female Veteran    Female Elf Merchant    5 Giant Frogs    3 Giant Lizards    8 Lizardfolk    Male Cook    Male Dwarf Veteran    Male Dwarf Merchant    2 Male Human Merchants    3 Ogres    5 Orcs    Orc Boss    Troll    2 Covered and Hiteched WagonsConversion by: James HollowayReleased on April 06, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.2.2 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"79"	"597940"	"Fantasy Grounds - Mini-Dungeon #023: The Aura of Profit (PFRPG)"	2017-02-21	2.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentFor 4-6 Characters of Level 1The Aura of Profit takes place in an underground lair that serves as an alchemical laboratory. Fritz is an alchemist who has an underground laboratory in the poor section of the city. His experiments produce wastes that run into the sewer and enhance the effects of alcohol. Several local innkeepers have seen sales plummet, as their patrons can’t hold their liquor anymore. They think that there is something happening underground, where a strange odor has been detected under one of the taverns. They have asked the PCs to investigate.Mini-Dungeons are small adventures for Pathfinder which are setting agnostic and are easily inserted anywhere in your campaign.Released on February 17, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.2.2 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"80"	"245730"	"Flashback"	2013-10-01	9.99	"Action,Adventure,Platformer,RPG,Cyberpunk,Remake,Sci-fi,Side Scroller,2.5D,Classic,Futuristic"	"About This Game20 years after the original game’s launch, Conrad is enlisted back to active service for the triumphant return of one of the most acclaimed franchises in gaming history.It’s not a reboot. It’s Flashback re-imagined. The original Core-Team revamped their own creation, leveraging the best of today’s technology while remaining true to the classic side-scroller that set the standards of the genre in the 90’s.Key FeaturesOne of the best adventure-action games ever created re-imagined by its creators. It’s the same team. It’s the same passion. Only this time, they have had much more firepower at their disposal to recreate the legendary classic!Gorgeous graphics, amazing animations. It’s the Flashback you’ve always dreamed of. True to the original spirit but made a million times better by using modern engines such as Unreal and Havok. The makeover is completely stunning.It’s all about Gameplay. The team modernized gameplay mechanics, making the game more reactive, offering new features, like gadgets and an experience progression system. But the developers kept the original formula in mind: a fine balance between rolling and shooting, exploring remote space stations and obliterating hostile alien planets.Bringing back new memories. The story was revamped to speak to 21st century gamers. Most of the cast of the original game is still here – Conrad, the Morphs – but you can expect new characters and a few twists you’re definitely not going to forget… this time.Please note that as of November 2017, the online features for this game are no longer supported. The Multiplayer mode / Co-op mode will no longer be accessible."	"Posted: December 20, 2013I loved the original. I have many fond memories of it. I loved the soundtrack of the original. This game isn't even worth the effort of shovelling it on my lawn and I'm fairly certain if I did it would kill it. This game isn't necissarily bad if you've never played \"Flashback: The Quest for Identity\" but if you're seeking the nostalgia of your childhood, this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off very quickly. The only thing this game has in common with the original is that the levels are very slightly similar and the main character's name is Conrad. The end. The game felt very \"dumbed down\". There are popups on the hud EVERYWHERE that say, \"Go here. You can climb this. Talk to him. There's only one path you can take but we're going to tell you to take it anyway!\" Luckily, those can be turned off. I decided to play the game on medium and found out immediately that the difficulty settings were made for console♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's a health bar, light falling damage, enemies attempt to tickle you to death, and healing stations are closer together than Starbucks. They also tried to add an RPG aspect by allowing you to gain experience, level up, and spend points in different skills. In a few ways this is good but mostly makes me ask, \"Why the hell would anyone add RPG aspects to a Prince of Persia like?\"The controls feel similar to the original but they added an extra jump button and an arc style aiming system. The controls were definitely made for dual thumbstick controllers and then (horribly) modified for pc. Aiming is done by moving the mouse up and down to adjust angle and then moving the mouse left and right to switch sides. This gets annoying when you're trying to adjust your angle and accidently move your mouse too far to one side, causing Conrad to turn around and take it in the butt. If you have a controller to use with the game then it might not be that bad but mouse and keyboard controls get frustrating.Bug time! This game contains bugs. There were a few times while aiming that the mouse would become locked in one place and I had to right click furiously to get control back. There are also times when grabing onto a platform would cause Conrad to get stuck and stand in mid air next to the platform. I only encountered this a few times and it did not deter me from the game but then again it never happened during a part where it actually mattered.Playing this game does bring back warm nostalgic memories in the sense that I want to go dig out my old SNES and play the original game. Overall I feel like someone who played through the original once when it released is attempting to remake the game on age old memories. The only consolation I have is that I purchased this game during a Steam sale and didnt pay full price.,Posted: January 10, 2014If you played old Flashback and liked it, the only thing why you can check this game, to remind storyline and watch cutscenes in 3D. All other aspects of the game will disappoint you greatly. If not, just pass, because it just ugly mutant pretending to be a good game.Don't want to compare it with old game, it's like compare Alexander the Great with bum Alexander, just because they have same names.So, just pros and cons.Pros first, not many of them, really:+ UE3 doing it's job well, so graphics there not bad+ Customisable interface+ Few cutscenes, not perfect, but may be watched onceand cons:- controls, devs tried to make hybrid between old scheme and modern, ummm, they failed- aiming, you can turn your gun only in few angles- difficulty, it's easy as hell (if do not count controls) , you can easily go face to face with 2 or more enemies and kill them all- stupid air drones-enemy placement and respawning- useless levels and skills system- Too talkative Conrad, he spam stupid phrases too often- All other cutscenes, especially ending in the Death Tower- Changes in story (lost and found girl for example)- Even empty jungle looks more alive, then futuristic \"should-be-overcrowded\" city- Level design- Awful voiceover, I tried english and russian, it's like choosing between bad and  worse- Interface, overloaded with not needed information (at least most of it can be turned off in settings)- Old version of Flashback included in the game, looks more like a joke in this arcade machine frame and without sound at all- SFX...enough?nah, add also Uplay client as 3rd party DRM. (You need to install game, install uplay, update uplay, close it and  finally run the game again),Posted: December 27, 2013Around ten minutes of gameplay and I am both impressed yet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by this remake which is well know for it's beautiful graphics for 16bit and 32bit consles, the puzzles were good, the difficulty was fair (Even if you put it on hard mode) and the layout of the levels were quite fine and easy to navigate.This game however pisses on some of those features while being impressive in diffirent ways. Difficulty is toned down; for example a simple elevator puzzle near the beginning; there were two triggers per floor; one to move the elevator to allow you to go up while forcing you to jump over the one between that and the elevator to set you back a little, did they really need to dumb that puzzle down? No they did not. Puzzles are dumbed down and the level design feels rushed.I like the gun aiming system (Use a mouse, not a joypad for that) but then the tasks that require you to do it do not require thought as the solution is shoved into your face thinking you are lacking a brain. Graphics are quite nice but the background could have used more work but then again, level design feels rushed but I do like how the new conrad looks.I'm going to be honest here; the game is flawed yet enjoyable, but I don't reccomend it because it's my review and I hate it when a reboot/remake dumbsdown simple puzzles and rushes level design to a mess that looks cramped as hell; leveling up is a stupid mistake seieng as the original game was intended for puzzle/survival than being combat-based; I stil lreccomendd it if you want a good platformer that feels new/original that doesn't involve mario or any indie developers at all but if you want a real challenge; go play the original.Update: The 1993 edition is god awful, it's not the original Flashback at all; just some rushed recreation of the dos game with no music/sound at all and awkwardly placed controls you can't map. To make the recreation worse; they have it look like you are playing it on an arcade machine powered on outside in the rain with an effect to make it look like an outdated arcade machine (Thank god the 1993 edition is free).,Posted: February 20, 2014As a fan of the original game on the SNES (or Genesis, depending on your choice of console back then), I'm honestly pretty disappointed in this remake. The character's controls are completely different from the original game, which were slower and more deliberate and catered more towards platforming and careful combat, and yet the environments and enemy design did not change in order to reflect the change in controls. I found myself constantly running myself off ledges due to not being able to control my character's run speed, but I was also able to float around in mid-air and catch ledges in impossible and goofy-looking ways, so there was never any danger of dying due to fall damage. Fall damage was instant death in the original game, encouraging you to think about how to move about environments, and every stage had every jump and platform in the perfect position, and everything was exactly where it was supposed to be. In this game, all the platforms seem entirely worthless, and there is usually more than one way to reach the goal by simply hopping around randomly between platforms, and there doesn't seem to be a very intelligent path you need to follow in order to complete areas. Enemy placement also seems entirely random, especially in the first stage where annoying flying robots would shock you at incredibly inconvenient points, sometimes even during an autosave, causing you to constantly reload from death while having a stupid drone poke you in the eye. The combat is also irritating and unbalanced. Enemies are almost always attacking you, and there are few options when it comes to running away or attacking. Enemies with guns will shoot you while you try to climb up a platform to safety, as well as the flying drones shocking you and never giving you a decent opportunity for escape. It seems to me that the developers didn't realize that the slow, deliberate controls in the original also required enemies to be limited as well in order for the combat to be made fair. Even though you are given less limited movement in this game, you are downright crippled in several common situations, which makes it incredibly easy for enemies to exploit you and kill you in very cheap ways.Another grating annoyance in this game for me is the main character's dialogue and voice-actor. He constantly monologues to himself in order to give gameplay hints and witty banter, which is entirely unnecessary and really ruins the atmosphere. The dialogue in the original was simple, straightforward, and reflected the atmosphere of the game as being tense and dangerous. Having your character constantly crack annoying jokes when doing anything from using a healing station to killing an enemy really ruins the atmosphere, and I simply don't understand why they thought it was necessary to write the character in such a way. Another annoyance was having constant gameplay hints and camera pans to show you objects and enemies in order to hold your hand through the game. Game design like this is simply insulting and certainly does not follow the original game's example of clever, intelligent environment and gameplay design that encourages the player to think and experiment with the environment in order to solve problems.Besides simple design choices that I didn't enjoy, the game has a lot of dissappointing physics and gameplay glitches that make the game feel really cheap. Several times I would watch as my character moonwalks several feet after being killed by an enemy before finally falling to the floor, sometimes even walking on air off of a platform, and one glitch even made me unable to sneak up on enemies and knock them out (something you are required to do in order to complete some sneaking missions), due to the button prompt not appearing consistently.Ironically, in my case, Uplay allows you to immediately unlock and play the original game without completing any achievements, which I would prefer, simply because this game is very flawed and simply does not live up to the design of the original. Speaking of Uplay, this program succeeds in making playing Ubisoft games through Steam entirely cumbersome and annoying, which gives me one more reason not to reccommend this game.If you want a better puzzle-based platformer in the vein of Prince of Persia or Blackthorne, just play the original game, or any other game in the same genre. This game simply fails to deliver such an experience, instead trying to offer a shallow action experience with many inappropriate or broken mechanics.,Posted: November 30, 2013I was warned/told point blank not to buy this game, but being hard-headed I did anyways on the most recent sale. It was a huge mistake. There is pretty much nothing redeeming about the product. Let me break it down for you: the area design is bizarre and exploring is both frustrating and tedious. The combat is imprecise and the enemies (on Normal difficulty) rapidly become bullet sponges. The platforming is even worse. The jumping animation is downright laughable and is hard to predict. I ended up skipping the cutscenes due to the painfulness of of the story, writing and voice acting. Some of the level art is nice, but it isn't worth suffering through the rest to see it.I regret purchasing the game and I wish I had listened to the recommendation to avoid it. The demo doesn't really reveal many of the issues of the game so considered yourself warned.,Posted: February 2, 2014Good game, is not that bad, but it is bad :( , I am a fan from the original Flashback game, and I am glad to own this newest version, love the graphics and the music, but there are so many flaws, I really wish the developers could program the game better, they really missed a huge chance here. Apart from the programing flaws, there are so many control issues, specially if you play with an Xbox 360 wireless controller and there are many crashes, if you load the checkpoint several times (playing hard so you die a lot), the game crash every 4 times you load the same checkpoint, and sometimes the game just crash. There is the original flashback game that can be unlocked, but you play in a tiny screen, plus there are sound issues. An SNES emulator will do a better job.Good part is that playing and ending the game in Hard is really a challenge and can be a fun, graphics are good too, and music.,Posted: October 19, 2016No idea why anyone is giving this a bad review then claiming they were \"a big fan of the original\". I suppose they were remembering it better than it actually was, kinda like when I tried to rewatch Blakes 7 a while ago. Loved it whilst it was on, but now I realise it was utter cack. Anyway, to me, this is a fitting tribute to a game I have very fond memories of. Its still fun to play and a damn site prettier than the original. Yes, there's too many signs telling you what to do, but the absence of those signs in the original was sometimes a royal pain in the colon when you were trying to figure out the next bit.I got this for two quid at sale price. Two Quid!!! You'd have to be a right po-faced♥♥♥♥♥♥to complain about a nice wee game like this for two quid. I have to recommend this game, despite it being associated with Ubisoft. Get it, and even if you only play it through once, you've got more than your money's worth! C'mon you miserable sods, let yourselves go and enjoy a bit of nostalgia!,Posted: December 29, 2013Flashback isnt worth 5 euros at the moment. The game has bugs and glitches. Nice graphics, but the gameplay requires the player to keep shooting, not thinking.,Posted: February 23, 2014Way to crap on the 1993 game with botched controls, rushed production and really pointless leveling system that does nothing to help with the bullet sponge enemies you face or the glitchy platforming.,Posted: July 3, 2018I normally don't write negative reviews, but as a massive fan of the original I just couldn’t help myself as it doesn’t do it justice. This isn’t just because of a lack of nostalgia for a classic, this is a game that does not stand up on its own. Average graphics, clunky game play and overall generic sci-fi tone is a big step backwards from the original and so many other games that do it better.I really wish developers and publishers wouldn’t piggy back off of other great titles names. But if you want a unique experience that set a standard for a lot of games today, check out the original.Small shout out too needing U-play as always :("
"81"	"824230"	"Chinbu's Adventure - Ice World"	2018-03-30	NA	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentContinue Chinbu's Adventure in a brand new world covered with ice and snow!What's new?Find sources of heat to avoid freezing, higher altitudes are colder!Time of day, night time is much colder!Increased maximum level!Over twice the surface area of World1!More difficult enemies!Arctic FoxArctic WolfGrey BoarSnow LeopardWhite Tiger"	"As the tile says,  I can't customise the dragon, doesn't matter what I select from the list  nothing happens. Anyone know how to fix this issue?,Issues  Some cliff colliders have minor issues Freezing (1 report) Fixed in future update  ,Let me know what features/improvements you guys would like to see the most.Fast/Slow is a relative estimate of how long it will take. Active Skills  Slow   Lighting Bolt Ensnaring Vines Rock Blast Wind Gust  ...,Post feedback for World1:  Got stuck Can get somewhere you shouldn't be able to Can't get somewhere you should be able to Likes/Dislikes http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1327401616,Spyro....Good luck devs!"
"82"	"922920"	"Knights of Tartarus"	2019-04-19	12.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Retro,2D,Turn-Based,Turn-Based Combat,Singleplayer,JRPG,Fantasy,Adventure,Great Soundtrack,Difficult,Puzzle,Story Rich,Atmospheric,Classic,Open World,Anime,Cute"	"About This GameKnights of Tartarus is a role-playing game where you enter the underworld to fight off a legendary order of knights and save the world. To have a chance, you will need monsters to teach you their spells, craft items, solve puzzles and even compete against your rival.FEATURESExplore an open world and travel into the magical monster dimension called Tartarus. You'll find many friends and not so friendly characters along the way.There are many regions each containing unique puzzles, treasures, and enemies.Fight against magic beasts to gain spells, crafting materials and gold. Each monster holds special and unique abilities which can be learned. Monsters also give you crafting materials for making equipment. Additionally, there are skill upgrades that can be gained by leveling up. These give you special perks like performing combo moves or becoming immune to paralysis, and much more.Great and varied soundtrack.Huge bosses that are difficult but fair.A cute dog."	"Posted: September 28, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewCrim's Humble Opinion CuratorOne hero to save the worldThis retro turned based battle rpg has a lot of good things going for it. You play as a hero who sets out to destroy four knights who have been set loose from an underworld called Tartarus by big bad Baphomet. Starting out as a weakened character you work your way up to face each of the knights in their distinct elements. As of writing this review there is around about three hours of content. The game plans to develop through early access and has a really promising road map. By my powers combinedThe player can currently choose between two classes at the start of the game which are warrior and mage. Once you start leveling though; you have the chance to branch out with skills. There are four skill trees that specialize in a particular playstyle. You can put all of your skills into one tree or split them among the trees. Regardless of your choice it adds a small bit of variety for replay. Monsters are diverse and fair. If you are defeated; you start back at the last save with all of your equipment and levels. It is a very casual setup that works well with some of the distance between saves. If you win you will gain experience but that's not all. Monsters have a chance to give you gold or a spell. There are also fun puzzles spread throughout the areas that are similar to nintendo title dungeon puzzles.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1525312696The developer is pretty quick to work with the players and has a lot of care for this project. Some of the cons that are listed in other reviews have already been resolved. Some of the ones I had while I was playing are already in the list of to do items in the development roadmap. Since this is in early development and has heavy development care I can keep my hopes up that they will be addressed. Here are some of the minor issues I ran into while playing though.\"Current\" cons-No quick travel system.-No item description. -Achievements did not unlock at appropriate times-No current way to exit game outside of alt tab & close.This game really feels good for what it currently is and I imagine with the thought and development behind it, it will shape up to be a really good title. It is planned to increase in price as more is developed and you can check updates through follow, discussions, or discord. It's not quite there with the full plate of content for the asking price but I have a feeling it will be. If you enjoy retro exploration like Zelda or old school turned based combat like Final Fantasy; give it a go.,Posted: September 21, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access Review“After several hundred years, the great monster Baphomet has captured enough souls to open the gates of the underworld called Tartarus. Baphomet will release the four knights, each one feared by even the powerful monsters of the underworld. Baphomet knows that the end of mankind is here”.You play as [Insert Name Here] and are given the choice of two different classes, either warrior (sword) or mage (staff). After choosing which class you’d like to play with, the game begins with you in a forest; leaves falling from the trees with pink flowers and mushrooms spread around.  As you walk through the forest, you start talking to yourself (you might be a sandwich short of a picnic).  You’re saying, “I could have saved them, if only I was stronger,” when all of a sudden you split into two of you. The other you says to you that they’ve had enough of your moping around and that he will call himself Rival, letting you know that you can stay in the forest moping around if you want to, but that he will not, as the people need him. He then wants to test his strength against you in battle, after which he leaves in search of Baphomet. You carry on through the forest after receiving some help and reach Sage Town.In Sage Town you’ll find your first save point; you can’t save anywhere else in the game other than these points dotted around the world, so best to do so when you come across one. Once in Sage Town, you visit the king, who’s heard about everything and worries about his people. He explains that he knew this time would come, and that he is powerless to stop it.  After leaving the king, you continue north as you set off on your adventure to put a stop to Baphomet and his Four Knights from destroying mankind. You start with nothing at all, but as you fight your way around defeating monsters, you’ll gain experience points which will help level you up.  Early on you’ll get a decent amount of EP for low level monsters, but as you become stronger you’ll get fewer EP for defeating the same monsters. Once you do level up you’ll also replenish your health and mana, which is necessary, as you are unable to buy any potions etc to replenish any health lost in the early stages. Upon defeating a monster, it will sometimes come back to give you something, such as gold, or spells for you to learn if you choose too.As you explore, you’ll come across some chests which contain something which you can make use of.  There will also be puzzles which you’ll have to solve in order to move on. You might not be able to move to another area until you have done or found everything, so make sure to check everywhere.As with the usual RPG games, you’ll have the in-game details of your character: Stats, Items, Equipment, Skills and Spells, and they’re straight forward. There are four different types of skills which you can choose to upgrade your character:  Fighter, Saint, Sentry and Rogue, each with five levels you can unlock as you earn skill points through the game.Choosing the fighter skill first will give you a combo-type attack instead of just the one hit. To do this, when you choose the option to attack and it’s your turn, you’ll have to button-bash the attack button to get as many hits in as possible.  But don’t take too long, as the attack only lasts for a few seconds, and if you hang about you may miss your attack all together!  I would, however, suggest getting this one first.  As for spells, you’ll learn them from defeated monsters.  I haven’t come across them anywhere else just yet; I think you can only have three spells at once.On the main menu screen there’s Continue, New Game and Options.  The options consist of Music and SFX volume, Fullscreen, Window Size (no resolution, but a slider to size the window you’d like), Text Speed, Battle Animations On/Off and Language. You can use a game pad to play the game, but it seems only if you can use the D-Pad for movement, which isn’t really a problem. I’d like to be able to have at least a couple of profile saves in case one messes up, so that I have a back-up after losing a profile which doesn’t load up.  I had to restart the game when this happened.Positives+ Nice graphics+ Nice music and sounds+ Enjoyable relaxing gameNegatives- Lost a profile after game wouldn’t load it, had to restart the game.- No Achievements- No cardsAn ancient evil returns from the shadows in this 8-bit retro style turn-based game from StelloHexis7/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes via THE CPT FROGGY CLUB! Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!For more reviews, great game giveaways and much more.Come join us @ www.Zeepond.Com and The Cpt Froggy Club Steam Group,Posted: November 24, 2018Early Access ReviewFirst of all, I'm very obsessed about the graphic, the color tone is Gorgeous,  the charactor , Monsters & the map design is just as cute as the Nes Rpg Game :《Karin No Tsurugi (Sword of Kalin) 》, and the battle system look like 《Dragon Quest 1》but the command is more simple , it's so easy to pick up!  (I'm glad this game is make with Unity engine  !)There also have different combination of weapon and armor you can craft with different materials ,  especially it's not too hard for Level Up, so it's easy to make you addicted  !  (It tooks me at least 4 hrs everynight when i back form work !)Durling the game, The NPC doesn't have much dialogue to say (But sometimes the dialogue is Quite Funny), and there's not so much hint, when you meet some Puzzle , you got to solve it by your instinct and observation, Some puzzles are《Soko-Ban》like, sometimes when you walk in the dugeon, you'll meet some \"Hide & Run\" Trap too,  it's quite challenge !Although it's an Early Access, but it quite entertain me so much , I was started to play this game at early November, and now, I'm Lv 91, but it's still have much much skill point to level up and there's really difficult for me in the new dungeon that on the recent update , I know it's more update and challenge to come and i highly recommand this game to all like Retro style Puzzle RPG gamer ! You won't be disappointed !,Posted: April 23This is my first review on Steam, so forgive me if I have terrible formatting for this review.  Overall, the game is fairly good.  It still feels relatively incomplete, but I assume the dev(s) for this game will continue to add content to make the game better.  There are multiple puzzles in this game.. Some have some thought whereas if you think too much, you won't figure it out.  The controls are easy, as well as the combat.  It's a simple turn-based system.  The story is fairly simple, but there's not much dialogue within the game.  However, I enjoyed the ending, because I try not to guess how things will flow so I can be pleasantly surprised or disappointed.  I was pleasantly surprised with this one.  I feel like it's pretty easy to level in this game, but at certain points it feels like you hit a wall, and then later you continue to level pretty easy, then hit a wall, etc, etc.  I would continue writing about the good things, but I will move on to some of the cons.As a knight, which is the class I played, you don't come stock with spells.  Obviously, this is okay.  However, to learn spells in this game a monster has to teach you the skill or spell.  When I beat the game I had 3 spells.. It almost seems to heavy on the RNG side to possibly obtain a skill or spell from a monster.  There is a crafting system in this game which is cool, but it feels a little wonky.  There's a crafting guide on the forums for this guide, but unless you felt like grinding out multiple mats, you'd be wasting a lot of resources trying to figure it out yourself, especially if you made an item that wasn't really suited for your class or what you want in general.  You also can't sell gear to get back a little money, which is also fairly rare in this game.  I'm not going to go into crazy detail about everything, but as of right now those are my general thoughts on the game.  Overall, I think it's a pretty good buy if you like the retro type rpg games.  The dev is pretty active on fixing bugs and glitches in the game, and if things need nerfed or buffed then that is fixed as well.  If the dev stays active and adds new content to the game (hopefully) then I feel like the game's potential will eventually be unlocked.  So, as of right now I'll give the game a 7.5/10.,Posted: April 19Ok Gotta say if you are a fan of retro style games this will be in your wheelhouse of press the buy button. Its forward and to the point, but doesn't hold your hand either. Just like those games back in the day. Very remenicent of Dragon warrior. But one of the best things is the Dev is constantly checking his bug thread and communicates and tries to get those bugs swatted with furious vigor.,Posted: April 26Fun little retro RPG with well made puzzles and sweet music. The dev is quick to respond and fix problems people may have. It may be a little tricky for some but with enough persistence you'll be sure to find your way.,Posted: April 23It's a nice little RPG.,Posted: September 30, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewApproximate amount of time to 100%: 4-5hEstimated achievement difficulty: 3/10Minimum number of playthroughs needed: 1Has it been in a bundle: NoIs there a good guide available: NoHow many people have complete this game at the time I'm writing this review: 0 on AstatsMultiplayer achievements: NoMissable achievements: NoGrinding Achievements: NoDLC-Only achievements: NoTime-gated achievements: NoRNG-achievements: NoDoes difficulty affect achievements: NoUnobtainable/glitched achievements: There is a possibilty you bug the entrance of the second knight, but the dev is working on fixing that.  Send him a message if you get stuck there and he will help you. This game is a lot of fun, think of the old school rpg's on the gameboy or snes. It is a work in progress and the devs has still amazing plans for this game. There are only 2 of the 4 knights in the game right now. Also there might come a system to warp around instead of walking, and items to  get more monsters attacks or less.  The most important thing to remember when playing this game is that when you're in a dungeon, you have everything there to solve the dungeon and get to the knight. I didn't know that and have spend a lot of time wandering between the two dungeons and knowing I missed something but couldn't figure it out.  Still enjoyed the game a lot even when wandering around and getting OP because of that :P. I'm looking forward to the other two knights, a bit more secure than most people because I'm way too much over-leveled for now :P,Posted: March 7Early Access ReviewKnights of Tartarus captures the oldschool rpg feel so well. The graphics just fit what the game is going for, and there's plenty of enjoyment to be had. I recommend anyone interested in nostalgia hitting you in the face to check it out. It's that good.,Posted: September 6, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewFollow our curator page: IndieGems if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.Knights of Tartarus is a retro style turn-based RPG that is still in Early Access and is not finished yet. The story unfolds as Baphomet has captured enough souls to open the underworld Tartarus. He has four knights to do his bidding, and he wants to destroy mankind.GameplayYou can choose between 2 classes to begin the game, and there are random encounters not seen on a map. The fights are turn-based, and you do not see your character. The screen turns to resemble a first-person view in battles.You can choose to fight or to run in an battle situation. If you choose to fight, you can see options to attack, to cast a spell, to defend, or to use an item. If you level up your skills, fights become slightly more interactive, as you push buttons more to do more damage.Monsters will often return after you knock them out. This can yield you more gold or other things like spells.If you wish, you can grind earlier in the game to become stronger, or you can try to push through the story in a weakers state.Chests can be found that contain weapons/armour. They can be hidden, you would have to look all over the place to find all of them.There are some simple puzzles such as moving boulders to specific locations, etc.Saves are done at savepoints, and your health and mana will be restored there.You can only save at these locations, it would be nice to be able to save anywhere.You can see all of your stats in the menu, also your items, upgrades for skills (4 different ones: fighter, saint, sentry, and rogue). You can look at your spells as well.Deaths lead you back to your previous savepoint, there is no permadeath.ControlsController is supported.  Of course, you can also use your keyboard to play.Graphics and MusicThe game starts in a small window, but you can change it to full-screen. The game is not a RPGmaker game, it is made in Unity. The graphics and sounds are nice and have the general feel of a 8-bit retro style game. It has that older Gameboy Advance feel, and it brings about a sense of nostalgia.ConclusionKnights of Tartarus is a retro-style RPG game that has a 8-bit look and feel, and is still in Early Access development. The developer is very active and helpful, and if there is any issues, the developer works on fixing it up right away (a matter of hours). This has been a very pleasant experience. Though I do think the price is a bit too steep, and I would recommend getting this game on sale. I hope the developer lowers the price, because there are other options on Steam with similar features for a better price.If you want a retro-style game with a nice story, this is a good option.Please see the following YouTube video for some looks at the gameplay for this game:https://youtu.be/s87aBw8WIY0I received the product for free. I did not receive any compensation to write this review. The opinions represented here are entirely my own and were not influenced in any way."
"83"	"779930"	"DRAGON BALL FighterZ - Anime Music Pack"	2018-02-28	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentThe Anime Music Pack includes a total of 11 songs coming from the original Anime of DRAGON BALL, DRAGON BALL Z, and even DRAGON BALL GT!Fight to the sound of your favorite Openings and Endings (\"CHA-LA HEAD-CHA-LA\", \"WE GOTTA POWER\", etc…) but also some of the most iconic background music.The ultimate dream for every DRAGON BALL fan and a real treat for the ears!"	"Save the date! 9th of May, small but sturdy Goku (GT) will jump into the fray!Goku (GT) will be available as a stand-alone DLC or in the FighterZ Pass 2 for Dragon Ball FighterZ.https://youtu.be/oVmbJQReobQ,It's getting pretty tiresome to wait 30+ minutes for a match, EU player here, wired connection, searching for any ranks and still nothing, the connection bars are set to green and above.Any new players here that wants to go for some casual matches?,Posted: May 1­,Posted: April 30Really really solid introduction to 2D fighters, not to mention it's probably the highest quality Dragonball game ever made. 99% of the animations are straight up panels from the manga or scenes from the show, and they're PERFECTLY captured. Great game if you love DBZ, even just messing with the characters in training is fun.,Posted: May 1For $15? Yeah. Got it yesterday, already unlocked SSGSS Vegeta and ♥♥♥♥u is close behind. Other DLC is pay only, bu not needed.Game is crazy deep for fighters, thousand plus people [playing at any time, but just button mashing will still get you a 30% win rate against the mildly competitives.Not for epileptics.,Dragon Ball FighterZ receives today one of its biggest patches to date!We know that you've been waiting for this one! Patch 1.15 offers some big system changes in addition to an array of character balancing sure to fire up your spirits to get right onto the battlefield again.You can find the full disclosure of the Dragon Ball FighterZ patch notes below on http://bnent.eu/DBFZPatch115EDIT (29th MArch 2019):Following the release of the balance adjustments patch 1.15 for Dragon Ball FighterZ, we have discovered that some systems/moves are not operating as intended: - Damage Scaling is not applied to certain moves- Damage Scaling is not applied when the Vanish Move activates at certain timings- When the player’s main character is attacked, Ginyu’s Z Assist does not endWe are working on fixing these issues as fast as possible, so please bear with us for just a little longer.Thank you very much for your patience and feedback.DRAGON BALL FIGHTERZ - Version 1.15 Patch Notes◆System Mechanics・Standing Light Attack: Follow-up 2→Can now be linked to a Z Change.→Will always knock the opponent forward on hit.・Jumping Light Attack→Fixed an issue in which a Super Combo would not occur if the attack connected at a low position in the air.・Jumping Heavy Attack→Descent is faster during a camera shift.→Shortened the amount of sliding knockdown when the attack hits.→Can only transition to a Z Change when performed in a grounded Z Combo.・Mid-air Dragon Rush→Characters descend faster when the attack lands in a combo.・Hurtbox→Adjusted hurtboxes during crouching and movement (actions other than attacks).・Vanish→Increased the base damage of the attack.・Projectiles→Fixed an issue in which damage scaling would not apply when a projectile connected during an attack.・Sub-Character Attacks→Fixed an issue in which guard direction would be reversed if a sub character's projectile flew past the opponent.→Moves Changed:→Android 18: Grounded Support Attack (Unique), Support Attack (Heavy)→Captain Ginyu: Unique Attack, Together We Are...the Ginyu Force!→Nappa: Saibaman (Acid)→Videl: Crouching Unique Attack・Button Settings→Simple Dash can be set to \"Normal\" or \"Off\".→Simple Z Change can be set to \"Normal\", \"Down Input\", and \"Off\".Character adjustments can be find on the full disclosure of the Dragon Ball FighterZ patch notes on http://bnent.eu/DBFZPatch115,What are the buttons to block?,Hi everyone, I've had my eye on this game for a while, but I'm not sure if its worth getting or not. I haven't played many fighting games like this one, but I have heard great things about it. Is it worth the purchase? ,I'm thinking Pan (GT), Omega Shenron or Super Buu.,Does this game support keyboard and mouse, or do I need a controller?"
"84"	"750610"	"Garenburg Woods"	NA	NA	"Indie,Strategy,RPG,Casual,Action,Adventure,RPGMaker,Exploration,Choices Matter,Story Rich"	"About This GameGarenburg Woods is a happy RPG game made in RPG Maker 2000 by Merso Aweheo.Welcome to Garenburg Woods!Egly is going on a trip with his friends, Elfy, Carib, Yhien, and Malik. The friends are heading over to the Garenburg Cliffs, a wonderful place that is said to have a beautiful sight. Everybody is sure to have a great time...FeaturesAn original soundtrack By Merso AweheoQuite a bit of story. Very story, Much TearsOver 10 different bosses to fightThree main ending routesRISK Mode: limited saves, harder boss fights, more secrets, and risky items only that will decrease stats or improve your strengthHappy Mode: extremely overpowered and for those who want to play purely for plotPlenty of secretsStay on trailConsequences for your actionsA cow combined with a shell combined with a rock. The name is Cosherock. Completely genius. This should convince you to purchase the game RIGHT THIS MOMENT. You know you want to. Post-game special challenge, featuring 100 floors and a bonus fourth endingDolls and puppetsNine different party members, not including yourselfAchievements, however due to RPG Maker 2000 limits they are part of your save fileCustom textboxes UIs that can be chosen if you don't like the default one, including some references to other gamesPlease be warned that this game has some inappropriate content that may be unsettling and disturbing for some people.The average length of the game for each route (singular playthrough):Ignoring things and just trying to get by as quickly as possible - 30 minutes to 2 hoursExploring and finding around half of the content - 1-3 hoursGetting the true ending and main content events 2-5 hoursPost-game - 30 minutes to 1 hourHappy Mode, any ending: 30 minutes to 2 hoursRISK Mode, true ending: 2-5 hoursStay on trail~"	""
"85"	"428030"	"The ORPHEUS Ruse Demo"	2013-12-01	NA	"RPG,Indie"	"About This GameInfiltrate the enemy as a psychic spy, leaping from body to body by touch! But when your own body is stolen, you'll race against time to find it before your mind disintegrates.The ORPHEUS Ruse is a thrilling interactive spy novel by Paul Gresty, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.What secrets have your mentors been keeping from you? Can you trust your friends when you don't know whose face they're wearing? What will you sacrifice to hide your powers from the world?"	""
"86"	"876490"	"Fantasy Grounds - Strange Supernaturals, Volume 4 (Token Pack)"	2018-06-06	8.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Software,Utilities,Fantasy"	"About This ContentStrange Supernaturals, Volume 4Reframe your game with Monster Grin's 132 unique new tokens, each usable as PCs, NPCs, mooks, monsters, or bosses - whatever works. Everything you need to add some Lovecraftian Horrors to your game - everything from otherworldly tentacled horrors to plague-spreading monstrosities lurk within this pack, all waiting to invade your game.Utilize Monster Grin's Token Halo System to create different types of teams (red, gold, green, black, silver, or blue), or even different levels of the same kind of creature (i.e. boss, high, medium, or low level) to help keep track of what's what and who's who and with Monster Grin's new Altered States tokens, you can get maximum value from each and every token in this pack!This token pack includes (ringed in black, blue, gold, green, greyscale, and silver, as well as ethereal, invisible, stone-skinned, sand-skinned, and altered state versions):Ancient Spirit of the Forest Lovecraftian HorrorAzathoth Lovecraftian HorrorIBbeing Lovecraftian HorrorBuopoth Lovecraftian HorrorByakhee Lovecraftian HorrorChaos Crawler Lovecraftian HorrorConverted by:  James HollowayReleased on May 31, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.5 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"87"	"623140"	"Warhammer 40,000: Sanctus Reach - Legacy of the Weirdboy"	2017-07-06	9.99	"Strategy"	"About This ContentCarnage and wanton slaughter reach a new peak: Big Redd da Warphead, Grukk Face-Rippa’s right hand and one of the top boyz in the Red Waaagh!,  leads his orks in the conquest of the isle of Dominus. His plan is to open up the warp and rip the Wolf’s throat by striking at the Sacred Mountain. Such an assault, if successful, would shake the very foundations of Imperial defence on Alaric Prime. The fate of the whole Sanctus Reach system is at stake…With Legacy of the Weirdboy, Warhammer 40,000: Sanctus Reach is back! In the first expansion for Sanctus Reach, you will play as the Orks in their quest to destroy and kill any who stand in their way. Forward in the name of Gork (and Mork)!Play through a new campaign as the Orks, following the deeds of a new mighty hero, Big Redd. Command new units and make use of many new abilities to kill your enemies! Explore new tactical possibilities and the new objectives available in the campaign and skirmish mode. Face a much enhanced AI, and prepare to spill blood. A lot of blood. ‘ere we go!Features:-A new Orks campaign – lead the Greenskins in their deep strike on Isle of Dominus-New units for Orks and Space Wolves – command units such as the Painboy or the Venerable Dreadnought-Fleshed out Orks faction – the Orks are now more brutal than ever, having at their disposal plenty of new skills and a new unit progression system-A new playable hero - Big Redd, a ferocious weirdboy, would rather die than falter in his vicious offensive-New Victory Conditions – defeat your enemy by obtaining enough Loot or by 'Capturing the Flag'-Improved storytelling – immerse yourself like never before in this tale of war and destruction with the new Illustrated stories"	"It is time, brothers. I know there are a lot of things you cannot say, clauses in the contracts, a s planned calendar and all this stuff, but it is time for you to throw us a bone here.  Can we expect a whole new game with this game style (gameplay and gr...,I'll take anything I don't already have and isn't garbage.I lost track of what I had and bought it a second time. I should feel more shame than I do.,Are you planning a sequel to this excellent game?,Please add Steam Achievements, Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon didn't have them, Slitherine maybe this title will on it's release? ,Posted: May 4fantastic game, just picked up a couple of the DLC from Humble sale. Really adds a lot and am looking forward to getting back to this game. Great, well, everything, no tech issues and one of the WORTHY games with the 40k moniker.,Just here to add my voice to the crowd. This gameplay, this presentation, more of the 40K settings and races = Insta Buy of the base game and any future DLC. Give us a game and we'll give you money! "
"88"	"511320"	"Echoes of the Fey: The Fox's Trail"	2016-07-12	7.99	"Adventure,Visual Novel,Indie,Casual,Interactive Fiction,Story Rich,Otome,Female Protagonist"	"About This GameEchoes of the Fey: The Fox's Trail is an English-language visual novel that mixes a high fantasy setting with the mysteries and conspiracies of pulp detective fiction. Play as Sofya Rykov, a private investigator with a secret of her own: unstable magic powers she uses to solve her cases. In \"The Fox's Trail\", Sofya is hired to track down a missing Leshin with connections to the Human resistance during the occupation. Investigate how you prefer, with over 100 choice points throughout the story. Some will improve your relationship with the characters. Others will provide you critical information. And some will change the fate of the people you will come to know.Side-scrolling segments link important parts of the town and open up side quests Multiple endings based on your gameplay and choices Voice acted (partial with expression lines) and animated characters 25+ song soundtrack inspired by the synth-fantasy meld of films such as Legend and The Neverending Story The first episode in a series that will explore other mysteries For the first time in almost thirty years, the land of Oraz is at peace. For three decades, the Humans and Leshin waged a brutal war over the right of Humans to power their cities and machines with magic. But the Leshin people have overthrown their theocratic leaders who pushed to extend the war and ushered in a new era of reconciliation and reconstruction.This peace, however, is fragile and strained under the shared history of the two peoples. This is true nowhere more than the city of Vodotsk, a historically Human city that was occupied and ruled by the Leshin for years. Old grudges among the Humans have re-emerged. Leshin who lived there for years as rulers must decide whether to return beyond the Great Forest or stay as second-class citizens. And the wounds of the war threaten to re-open whenever the two peoples come into contact. Echoes of the Fey is a series of detective stories set in the high fantasy world of Oraz starring Sofya Rykov, a Human private investigator with a dangerous secret: following a near-death experience in the war, she spontaneously developed the ability to use magic. She is joined by her Leshin partner, Heremon ir-Caldy, a doctor fascinated by Sofya’s magic but fearful it will soon come at the cost of her life. Together, Sofya and Heremon navigate the mysteries and tensions of Vodotsk, the city they intend to make both their hiding place and their home.The Fox's Trail is the first episode of the series and concerns a missing Leshin, presumed dead during the war. Sofya and Heremon must explore Vodotsk and dig up a dark secret that threatens to shatter the fragile peace between their two peoples. The majority of the gameplay is traditional visual novel dialog trees, with dozens of choices that can affect the story and Sofya's ability to solve the mystery on her own. There is also a 2-D representation of the city to explore and side quests to discover more about the world, as well as deepen Sofya's relationships with the characters."	"Posted: August 22, 2016I adored this game. I loved the point-and-click adventure element, along with the typical visual novel experience of making choices that affect outcomes. Solving the mystery was very fulfilling. I felt like the game wasn't trying to hold my hand through it, but actually allowed me to piece the clues together myself. I never had an issue with the previous artwork in Woodsy Studio games, but I'm sure others will be thrilled to see the artwork improvements. It looks much more polished and smooth. I thought the CG images were beautiful. Once again (like in their other games), they did an excellent job of including diversity. People of color and queer characters are never tokens, but people who have goals and agency in the story. I was also glad to see polyamory discussed again, as there are very few games (or media in general) that show polyamorous characters in a positive light. One of the strongest themes of the story has to do with accepting others for who they truly are, no matter how much society doesn't accept someone. If someone wishes to live their life a certain way, and it harms no one, and makes that person happy, then why have prejudice? Why spread hate?I absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good story, a good mystery, and making choices that matter in a video game.,Posted: August 22, 2016Short Synopsis:Features: English language only. Medium language skills required. One playable female character. Detective story. One episode - one case. No unsolved mystery that goes on in episode 2. No puzzles - just some deducting and decision making. Partial voice acting - not every line is voiced.Two GxG, Two(???? Second option not confirmed) GxB options. The romance options are “options”. They are not required for playing and are not forced upon you. !If you only want some romance this game is not for you!Art: 9/10 (subjective - either you like it or you don’t)  I really like it. It’s a fresh breather from all the Anime stuff. The art style is consistent and well done. You can really see how much she improved from her last games.Backgrounds: 9/10 Professional made, pretty and won’t distract you from the story.GUI: 6/10 Simple, not distracting, get’s the job done, but I still wish for more shortcuts like saving game or something.Voice acting: 8/10 Good voice acting overall - with some inconsistencies.Soundtrack: 10/10 The soundtrack is amazing and builds up the right mood. Mostly Electronic. It was made by the dev. Very original. No 30 second loops. Tracks are up to 2 - 3 minutes. The developer was nice enough to put it up as DLC. I wish more developer would do this. If you want a demonstration you can find her music to one of her games here:https://jennygibbons.bandcamp.com/album/quantum-conscience-soundtrackNote: Quantum Conscience is a pure science fiction game and much darker than this. So the music from Echos of the fey is a bit different.Story: 8.5/10A really good mystery VN, that won’t treat you like an idiot. Just a few minor inconsistencies.Setting: 9/10 While it’s hard nowadays to come up with something completely different, I’m very glad that Woodsy studio managed to make something original and gripping.Characters: 10/10 No kidding. I love them. You have your rivaling police detective, your responsible partner but they just feel so real and not cheesy at all.  ( Btw. Heremon is a cinnamon-roll :3 )Length: 8- 9,5h for the first playthrough, depending on how fast you read.Replayability: ? I haven't played enough to judge it. But from my experience I would say much more that your average VNPrize: 10/10 I saw VN’s who use lot’s of free assets and are charging much more. This prize is more than fair.Final verdict: I would say a 9,5/10 A clear recommendation. If you like a good story or you are a VN fan then this is for you. The only thing I don’t like is the shortage of keyboard shortcuts and having only 5 saving slots (maybe that’s intentional.)Lengthier description - personal thoughts:\"Humans aren't supposed to use magic. That's what the Leshin say, at least. They fought a thirty year war to stop us from using our machines to draw energy from the fey. It didn't work. In the last days of the war, a few Leshin radicals staged an attack on the Fey reactor in the city of Onigrad. They vaporized most of the city and killed thousands of innocent civilians. It ended the war, but not like they hoped. Horrified by the actions of their leaders, moderate Leshin overthrew their government and sued for peace. The Immolation of Onigrad changed everything. It changed the relationship between our two people, bringing an end to the war but deepening our mistrust and hatred. It changed the landscape of human society, sending small city-states running to the growing Empire for protection. And it changed me, because I was there. Humans aren't supposed to use magic, but now I can. I just can't control it very well.\" With this we are introduced into the world and history of the Echos of the Fey. A perfect opening and introduction to our main character Sofiya. Sofya Rykov is a private investigator with a penchant for drinking too much and avoiding unpleasant serious personal stuff. This fact is made very clear in the beginning as she laughs away her traumatic experience in Onigrad. I becomes very apparent that she isn’t just a one dimensional character “who just loves to have fun”. Her actions and behaviour makes sense. She has her own packet to carry and life wasn’t very gentle to her. Thus she has her own voice, just like the rest of the cast. And that’s what impressed me the most. Nearly every character has a sprite - side characters aren’t just some talking sprites that gives the player information. They have their own motivation, their own thoughts and thus their own ethics and morality. They aren’t just some blank characters who the MC can influence like some Bioware characters. They will act on their own manners. That doesn’t mean that we can’t completely influence them. This VN managed to flesh the characters out so well that they feel like a real person and everyone has something interesting to say. Never have I meant such interesting side characters in VN who are right now on the market. Unlike most other VNs the decision we make here matters. It’s rare to see a Vn where choosing which decision to pick makes you sweat. It will have consequences and you are expect to clean up the mess you made for the most part. You simply can’t save anything at once and can’t satisfy everyone. Once you picked a path you should stick to it.  That sounds more disastrous and depressing than it is. I just want to warn people that the game doesn’t take making tough decisions from you.The setting is a nice mix between magic and Steampunk, with a hint of Final Fantasy. It’s unique in it’s own way without being obnoxious and the superb writing really helps. The writing and the worldbuilding is consistent and is really, really well done. The art is also very consistent. Everything feels fresh since the different Art, the GUI, the backgrounds and the music is made by the developers. No more Kevin Macleod music that has been used to death. All in all, it makes it very easy to get immersed into the game and it’s world.Playing detective is fun, too. I should explain to you the game mechanics. The game is a mix of a Visual Novel and a Side-scroller. Dialogs and decisions are done and presented in a typical VN manner (Dialog box on the bottom, speaking Characters in the background, option boxes in the middle of the screen, see screenshots). Then there is the part we can walk around Vodotsk. We can enter shops and other locations by walking around the town and clicking on the doors or talking to people on the streets. The game has a map, an inventory and a quest log. We can walk around town as Sofiya or in our cat form. This helps with our research. People who play adventure games will feel at home here. And newcomers can easily catch up. The game is not to hard, but not to easy. The game will let you know on what to do so you will never feel lost, but also manages to not treat you like an Idiot. You are still expected to read and comprehend what you just read. Otherwise solving the case will be hard for you when you are expected to piece together all informations.Uff, I hope I wasn’t rambling too much and thank you for reading. I hope my english writing wasn’t too horrible.,Posted: June 4, 2018Echoes of the Fey is a well written Visual Novel with point and click elements. The story follows a human named Sofya, who also has magical abilities. She and her Leshin doctor, Heremon run a private detective agency together. Sofya is used to the same boring case over and over, until she picks up a case that changes everything...The first thing I noticed was that the game creates a detailed and believable fantasy world. There is history with enjoyable lore and 3-dimensional characters that immerse you in the story. The detective story is nicely written. It lets you piece together the detective work on your own instead of just feeding you the answers. There are optional quests and plenty of choices that change the game throughout. There are romantic options for both male and female. How you interact with the characters also changes the story a bit. The voice acting is fairly impressive. Not every line is voice acted, but a lot more than I expected. Each character has a distinct voice that suits them well. Overall I would recommend Echoes of the Fey: The Fox's Trail. A friend gifted it to me and it exceeded my expectations. If you enjoy the fantasy genre and visual novels, I think you will have fun with this one.,Posted: August 24, 2016Between itch.io and Steam I've played through this several times and highly recommend it. The writing is excellent and the characters are diverse and genuinely interesting. Sofya and Heremon in particular have a great dynamic. The central mystery has some surprising twists and turns and the voice acting is excellent. I loved the atmospheric music too. It really creates a unique sense of place for this fictional world.On my first playthrough I took what I considered the \"right\" path (I know it's subjective) but on subsequent playthroughs I was really impressed by how emotionally satisfying and \"right\" the other endings turned out to be as well. Events unfolded in ways that stayed true to the characters and I never felt punished for the choices I made. Instead, each new choice revealed new perspectives on the characters and, even if the results weren’t always what I thought I wanted, they were consistently satisfying and interesting. There’s a surprising amount of emotional depth here. There are thematic elements that deal with identity, personal choice and acceptance, and they’re handled thoughtfully and (just as important) entertainingly. That can’t be an easy thing to juggle, so major kudos to the writers.Really looking forward to Episode 2 and getting to explore more of this world.,Posted: August 19, 2016This game is different from what I've played before. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I'm very pleasantly surprised. The developers are excellent storytellers.What I'm most taken with is the voice acting and music. Very nice stuff!,Posted: August 16, 2016After playing this at a convention, I couldn't wait for the Steam release!   I am loving it, easily one of the best stories I've seen in a game!,Posted: January 1, 2017Immersive world-building in a unique universe, characters with intriguing back stories, and an interesting quest/storyline. You also get a *lot* of story for your buck, and many storylines to pursue. (I know play everything kinda slow...but I still was impressed with how *much* game there was.) I was also surprised that I enjoyed the soundtrack so much! A few tracks stuck in my head pleasantly even when I wasn't playing :) Two thumbs up!,Posted: September 23, 2016I really liked this game. The main character has a distinct personality, the storyling is interesting, and the worldbuilding is great.,Posted: February 10, 2017I was really surprised by this game. I played the demo months ago and finally bought it the other day, but I have a completely different view of it now. I found Sofya irritating in the demo (idk why) but as I played as her more I became more attached to her and the other characters throughout the game.It was interesting getting to know the opinions, likes, dislikes and personalities of each character, and view their interactions with each other. There were lots of twists and turns and character development, and I'm looking forward to the next episode, whenever it comes out.Also - THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GIVING ALL THE CHARACTERS VOICES; voices can express feelings, tones and intentions that simply reading text cannot.(ps 10/10 would buy again for Arkady, he is actually my perfect daddy),Posted: January 13The story seemed interesting and the art stood out to me right away. But I just couldn't get into this game. The main character you play as isn't very likable, the world is barely explained which only leads to confusion as you progress because you don't know what's even being talked about. And the voice acting was all over the place. It wasn't bad but it keeps going from full naration to random phrases being spoken that aren't even said in the dialogue. Either do full voice acting or none at all because this was just confusing. I really wanted to like this game but I don't."
"89"	"906631"	"Mega Man X Sound Collection"	2018-07-24	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentGet equipped with the stunningly nostalgic Mega Man X Sound Collection, featuring all the classic 16-bit tunes from the original Mega Man X!The 47-minute soundtrack has been reauthored from the original, high quality source material. Includes three high quality formats: MP3 (V0 bitrate), 16-bit FLAC and AAC. (Download size: 140MB for MP3, 304MB for FLAC and 185MB for AAC)Soundtrack files can be found under the game's installation directory below:\\Steam\steamapps\common\Mega Man X Legacy Collection©CAPCOM CO., LTD.-Tracklist-Composed by Capcom Sound Team (Setsuo Yamamoto, Makoto Tomozawa, Toshihiko Horiyama, Yuki Iwai, Yuko Takehara)01 - Capcom Logo - 0:06 - Yasuaki \"Bun Bun\" Fujita02 - Title - 0:27 - Capcom Sound Team03 - Password - 1:26 - Capcom Sound Team04 - Opening Stage - 1:40 - Capcom Sound Team05 - Vile 1 - 0:45 - Capcom Sound Team06 - Vile 2 - 1:09 - Capcom Sound Team07 - Zero - 0:46 - Capcom Sound Team08 - Cutscene - 1:15 - Capcom Sound Team09 - Stage Select 1 - 1:00 - Capcom Sound Team10 - Stage Start - 0:10 - Capcom Sound Team11 - Launch Octopus Stage - 1:50 - Capcom Sound Team12 - Chill Penguin Stage - 1:36 - Capcom Sound Team13 - Flame Mammoth Stage - 2:05 - Capcom Sound Team14 - Boomer Kuwanger Stage - 2:21 - Capcom Sound Team15 - Sting Chameleon Stage - 1:20 - Capcom Sound Team16 - Spark Mandrill Stage - 1:54 - Capcom Sound Team17 - Storm Eagle Stage - 1:20 - Capcom Sound Team18 - Armored Armadillo Stage - 2:03 - Capcom Sound Team19 - Boss 1 - 0:25 - Capcom Sound Team20 - Boss 2 - 1:10 - Capcom Sound Team21 - Stage Complete - 0:09 - Capcom Sound Team22 - You Got a New Weapon - 0:43 - Capcom Sound Team23 - Stage Select 2 - 0:47 - Capcom Sound Team24 - Sigma Stage 1 - 2:03 - Capcom Sound Team25 - Sigma Stage 2 - 2:16 - Capcom Sound Team26 - Sigma Stage 3 - 1:53 - Capcom Sound Team27 - Sigma Stage 4 - 0:49 - Capcom Sound Team28 - Sigma 1 - 0:48 - Capcom Sound Team29 - Sigma Rebirth - 0:10 - Capcom Sound Team30 - Sigma 2 - 2:00 - Capcom Sound Team31 - Dr. Light Capsule - 0:43 - Capcom Sound Team32 - Ending - 1:48 - Capcom Sound Team33 - Cast Roll - 2:00 - Capcom Sound Team34 - Staff Credits - 1:55 - Capcom Sound Team35 - SE - 3:25 - Capcom Sound Team"	"Borderless window, no vsync, edited the \"refresh rate\" on the .ini fileRX 580 8GB, AMD FX-8320E 3.2GHz, 8GB RAMAm I missing something?,I got into the X games really late into the series, when they were experimenting with 3D and story. So I'm a big fan of the B-Side of this collection, but I'm really struggling with Mega Man X1. I know a lot of people have slow down issues on certain part..., ”No, this isn't happening. There's no reason for me to go on. WHAT AM I FIGHTING FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR?!”  – Zero,  Mega Man X4 We hope you’re all enjoying or will be enjoying  Mega Man X Legacy Collection  shortly! While we hope al...,Posted: April 28I wanted to like this game since I was a huge fan of the x series but my god the controls on this are so unresponsive, when you press a button it take about a second for x to jump after you press it if it even registers at all. not to mention it runs like swampy♥♥♥♥♥♥on a mid-summer's day, every time i would use the charge shot with some of the upgraded armors i would get massive frame drops. this game is definitely not worth the price unless capcom puts something out to fix the controls and how well the game runs.,Mega Man X has a mostly negative rating, the ♥♥♥♥?,Posted: April 28i honestly dont know why people are mad, the game works and plays just fine,Posted: May 2I wanted to review this as soon as possible after I tried all the games on two very different systems.HP Omen Laptop: i7-6700HQ @ 2.8ghz - 16gb ram - Geforce 960M Graphics - Windows 10 ProDesktop PC:  i7-6700K - 32gb ram - Geforce GTX 1080ti Graphics - Windows 10 ProOn both systems using a wired Dualshock 4 or Xbone controller the games run exactly as they do on a SNES.  I prefer this because I speedrun the games on real hardware.  Okay so it isn't exactly.  However it is nice to be able to have all the games I practice legit on an official release so I don't have to emulate when I don't have the TV.  It is very close, to me, even though I am nowhere near \"pro\" at any of the Megaman games.  Believe me, if these games didn't at least *try* to feel like they did when they were brand new releases, I would be whining.  I'm someone who had his review banned from the 8-bit Legacy Collection games on Steam for review brigading, whatever that means.  Anyway if Capcom did anything to really put me off here I would have been screaming like an old man at the weather.The price is awkward.  To me, seeing as I paid the 70-80 bucks they were when they were released, it is more than reasonable.  I will always buy any re-released games I've ever played in emulated form, provided they actually ship in a playable condition.  Having modern controller support, handy saving and scaling options, in a game I can track my playtime and launch without any hassle in Steam?  The prices are more than admirable.I'll probably get chastised for it but I have an OCD thing when it comes to the X series as well.  I think they did it right with the 8-bit games:  1-6 were on one system, it feels natural they are in one collection.  I wish they did that with the other games.  X1-X3 were on the SNES so I wish they were in one collection with the other SNES games while the later releases were in another collection.  That's hardly a gripe mind you.Also, if you get a black screen at launch, I haven't tested it but it's probably the DRM that looks for internet connectivity that's preventing you from playing it.  That sucks but it doesn't affect my recommendation.  The games are very passable if you want to play them either for nostalgia or current aspirations.  I can't imagine a single person who played them on a SNES back in the  day getting upset that they emulate the SNES very closely and include the real-hardware slowdown.  Ports that remove the slowdown could absolutely never feel authentic, let alone pass the test of speedrunning where you have to get a feel for almost every single input you commit to.  A huge part of optimizing your runs for retro games is working AROUND and mitigating the limitations of the hardware.  Shame on anyone who saw the game lag up when there were too many sprites being displayed at once who then declared these to be poor quality ports.  If you don't \"remember\" the lag, you didn't play them on intended hardware, period.Thank you Capcom for putting these within reach of Gen Xers like me who want to boomer around with games they had when they were young.  If you could please port MORE of them (and Bionic Commando Rearmed 2) I would be ur #1 fan.,First of all, I HATE CONTROLLERS. When i was a kid, i used to play a lot of Megaman X games on a controller, but most of the time, i was playing using emulators. As a teenager, i didnt got the money to buy controlers, so i was forced to play directly on ..."
"90"	"317720"	"Tiestru"	2014-08-20	9.99	"Action,Indie,Strategy,Tower Defense"	"About This GameThe world was surrounded by darkness. Too much suffering was endured by human in the fight for freedom. Freedom was the light, the light to absorb Tiestru. It was believed that, if light was brought to the tower of Tiestru, Evil would fail. In Tiestru, where you are in control of everything, you will test your warlock skills through cities and deep dungeons.ENTIRELY CUSTOMIZABLE DEFENSE LINESBuild the structure of your choice with cubic crystals & Define your battle line.MULTIPLE SPELLSBlock, Frost, Prism, Lightning, Generator & Different levels of power, health and damage.DEPTH AND COMPLEXITY Create new spells by building different structures Increase your powers Build new structures for enhanced powers Generate resources & Find special locations Control the enemy & Shape their path Make special connections & Activate new spellsPOWER TRANSPORTATIONIncrease your power, transport energy from the core, on the ground or up in the air.FREEDOM TO USE ALL OF THE MAPEverything is up to you, define your strategy.A MINI GAMEGain extra resources.SECRET LEVELS TO UNLOCKNew enemies & New maps. Each new level is another experience."	"Posted: August 21, 2014I've been following this game for some time, and there are some nice original concepts in this one which I have never heard of in a tower defense genre. The graphics in this game is pretty nice, I like the environments and every level is different. The environment is not just for the sight seeing, it plays a role in your strategy and the paths taken by the AI is modified by it. You will need to adapt quickly and devise an optimal route in which you want attackers to take. In the game, you will be creating a path for the AI to take, but unlike most tower defense games, you can block the path. However, AI will start to attack if there is no other way, and you will lose towers or crystals as the game calls them - which could be part of your strategy.While planning your maze, be advised that it is not always the best plan to put your core to the furthest possible corner.  Your crystals will need power and the source is your core. You might start dropping random crystals around, but those would be ineffective compared to the powered ones. Also note that only the same type of crystals can carry or transmit the power between each other, i.e. if you want to place some powered red crystal towards the gate, you will need to create a path of such crystals starting from your core.Luckily you can stack crystals on top of each other, so it is not a 2D maze you are trying to construct but a 3D one. If you place a crystal on top of another one, it will drop and replace if the bottommost one is destroyed. This gives you some buffer before attackers can breach if you are busy somewhere else. If you want you can also construct crystals above the ground, but they should be touching to an existing crystal on the same level.There are 5-6 different types of crystals, each with different abilities, as most tower defense games you have some attacker crystals, some slowing down crystals, some AOE crytals. The interesting ones I could call a \"tank\" crystal, which has high health but has no attack, so that it can guard other crystals behind it. There is also a teleporter crystal, which can charge and teleport attackers further away. One other type of crystal is used to gain more resources, if you can find a ray of light in the level, and place those there they can generate resources for you.While working with all these, you will struggle to look around for hidden chests, that might appear from time to time. Those will give you some extra resources which you will definitely need. I remember a point in game trying to find a chest where I had no remaining resources and an orc was trying to destroy my last green crystal before the core.This game will not hand you the success in a golden platter, you will need to work hard for a strategy and the weakest point in your defense will fail you, easily. And I'm talking about the \"normal\" difficulty mode, the game also has \"hard\" and \"hell\" modes for the hardcore gamers.I agree that I had to spend some time to get used to the controls, however you won't have any problems once you are familiar with the game. And actually they are not that complicated, you can play the whole game with just mouse if you want.I believe the game has high replay value, as placing core to a different position can change your game experience altogether, or changing your strategy in terms of maze planning will change everything. Considering the different difficulty settings, if you need to spend more time, you will find a level for your needs.In my opinion game has a nice price point, considering the amount of time one can spend on this. I believe Tiestru brings a nice touch to all those tower defense fans.,Posted: August 20, 2014the game is a mix between tower defense and strategy.there are some similar elements to tower defense games; like a core, and some crystals instead of towers. but there are indeed some major differences: you can place the core where you want, build structures with crystals and the enemy follows a different path depending on where you ve placed your core and crystals..  there are also some nice tricks: if your crystals don't touch the ground they can not be hit... if you connect your crystals to the core, their power increase.  there is nop with the controls if you use the mouse. I like it, I recommend it,Posted: May 29, 2016I really want to thumbs up this game but the downs outweigh the goodThe good:- Its a refreshing TD game, i love the style which is why i persisted with it for so longThe Bad:- Never hit the restart button, not from the main menu, not from the escape menu. No matter what level you were on, this puts you back on to level 1 and you have to redo the tutorial!- When doing the tutorial, make sure you follow the instructions precisely, you can get stuck if you put the lightning node on the wrong spot and you don't have enough money to put another one. It does lock you from selling though ...- Mobs sometimes get stuck, at first I thought it was normal, giving you breather, but alas it looks like its a bug. Suggestions:- Get rid of restart button that resets progress- Fix pathing of enemies getting stuck. (game breaker imo)If this game gets patched then theres a lot of potential for this to really good.,Posted: August 20, 2014Avoid this game. I should have known better from looking at the screenshots and video. Camera controls are horrible. Graphics are unpleasant to look at. My enjoyment of tower defense games, curiosity, and $8 price tag (20% off) are why I purchased it. This one looked like you could even maze in it, which is lacking from most TD games. There are also no sound controls and the music is irritatingly bad. Crystals of lightning look exactly like crystals of fire. Very lazy and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥design.,Posted: July 5, 2015Unfortunately I can't recommend this game. Although I am a sucker for story plots and backgrounds, this game doesn't have the faintest trace of that. For evil to be destroyed, the light must be kept from the darkness. Pretty much your average plot.I've played the first mission (which is the tutorial) twice, because the game decided not to save my progress. It happens, not complaining about that. And played the second mission too. There are no variety on the towers. You get a wall, fire, ice, a teleport tower which works by \"filling up\" a teleport bar on that enemy, and when the bar gets full it gets teleported back to its spawn point, a lightning tower that must be \"enchanted\" to work and a resource generator. And that's it. Of course, there's this new feature which allows you to stack towers one on another, so you can create your own combo, so that can count as an \"upgrade\" system alright.The enchanting system, however, is interesting: As long as you have a line of same-coloured towers connected to your core, they'll get energy from it and get boosted. Since you can build on top of other towers, you can play a bit with three dimensional paths to take your core's energy further.Issue is: You'll spend 20% of your time trying to stack the tower on the tower you actually wanted, and having it being placed anywhere, but where you wanted it. The camera it's fixed at a weird angle, and you can only adjust it's height.And you get that for 11 missions (not counting the secret levels). After that, you have a hard mode, and then an even harder mode, which I can only guess it's the same, but with tougher and beefed up enemies.=====It's your generic simplistic tower defense, with no standing-out features. On top o' that, there are no achievements, nor Steam TC, so I think this one could be passed.,Posted: December 19, 2014This game is cute, not great, but promising. As the developer keeps updating, this game will be a good one. AI needs to be worked on, and we want more different levels. But the ideas are nice, keep improving! Definetely worth my money. Buy this game, if you want to try out sth new. But do not expect too much.,Posted: January 8, 2016I wanted to like this game. At first it seemed promising. But, the camera controls quickly ruined it for me the first time I was on a challenging level and needed to quickly pan from one area to another and back again. In a TD game, this is probably one of the most important things in making the game playable, so when it isn't done extremely well and easy to control, the game as a whole is quickly ruined.,Posted: June 24, 2015Frankly, it's just boring.It looks moderately good, as far as the levels go. The enemies are just blocky orcs that all look the same (the only difference being color of the head) and sometimes we also get simple spiders or scorpions between the waves of orcs.Well at least we HAVE those spiders and such among the enemies, the towers at your disposal are completely lacking in imagination, creativity... and usefulness. The towers are just generic crystals, that differ in color, based on their function, and there are only six of them.The gameplay is nothing interesting or new, the open, 3D environments where you can build whatever tower formation you want, is probably the only good thing I could say about this game, but while it is nice idea, the game failed to utilize it (and also, camera controls are rather poor and mildly annoying.)Open levels like that could be used to let players build large mazes of towers, and let them test various different strategies, but the game decided to make short levels, where you barely have time and resources to put even a dozen of towers, before you have to start from square one in the next level. And even if you had those and could build actual mazes, it wouldn't work because you can't really direct enemies as you want, since for the most part they'll just destroy towers in their path, and charge straight for the core. So all you can really do is to make simple formation around the core, and wait until all the enemies die, so you could do the same thing in the next level. That is also enforced by the fact that most towers are pretty much useless, and you'll probably use only two out of six available.,Posted: August 21, 2014I don't recommend this game to anyone looking for something refreshing. This game is so simple it hurts. Level designs are nice and shows a great promise, but it's a lost cause because of the game mechanics. Destructable towers make sense, but it's just annoying to see a huge map, with lots of possibilities, and being able to raise only a few towers before the game ends(pretty much the same problem like in Sanctum 2, but in here it's not because of the tower limit). The other issue is the variety of enemies and towers. Enemies are too repetitive and all towers look the same. It gets boring surprisingly quickly.This game would be even 6/10 if they'd changed the towers/enemies designs and made the game longer(more enemies and waves) and more strategy-like(large maps, full of opportunities, are begging for huge \"towers&walls\" mazes like in the rest of tower defense games). For now, it's only 4/10, mostly because of nice graphics.,Posted: March 25, 2016I died 4-5 times on the first level, all to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t design. I gada say, I\"m floored this is on Steam. Everything about the game I experianced was just bad design. It's one thing to make a challenging game with depth, but bad design is does not mean challenging, it's just bad."
"91"	"688280"	"White Day - Fashionable School Uniform - So-Young Han"	2017-08-24	2.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentStand out from the crowd and become the coolest students at Yeondu High School with this ultra-fashionable pink costume set.This DLC unlocks the Fashionable School Uniform costume for So-Young Han."	"Hi everyone,We've just issued patch 1.05. Here are the changes in this version:[Bug Fixes & Improvements] 1. Difficulty modes have been re balanced (janitor speed, search range etc.).2. A \"janitor indicator\" is displayed on Easy Mode. 3. Fixed addi...,,[화이트데이 PC판 1.03 버전 패치노트]안녕하세요 손노리입니다. 금일 많은 유저 여러분들께서 제기해주신 피드백을 받아들여 일부 밸런스 및 버그를 수정하는 패치를 진행했습니다. 상세한 내...,[화이트데이 PC판 1.04 버전 패치노트]안녕하세요 손노리입니다.금일 [화이트데이: 학교라는 이름의 미궁] PC 버전(스팀 버전)의 버그 및 일부 기능을 개선한 1.04 패치가 적용되었습니다. 상세한...,Since the patch notes thread was destroyed by anti denuvo goons I decided to make a separate thread dedicated to bugs & suggestions. Let those uncivilized kids do their thing elsewhere.As I wrote in the patch notes: Uh, I just fell thro..."
"92"	"899825"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Deep Blue Something - “Breakfast at Tiffany’s”"	2019-01-22	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Breakfast at Tiffany’s\" by Deep Blue Something on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"93"	"539380"	"Think To Die 2"	2016-10-14	NA	"Casual,Indie,Strategy,Puzzle,Puzzle-Platformer,3D Platformer"	"About This GameIntroductionThinkToDie Episode 2 is a level based puzzle platformer with over 95 levels where your goal is to die. You usually accomplish this by smashing yourself with blocks, jumping into spikes or getting shot. Although it might seem very easy at first, you`ll soon start to realize that as you progress and the more levels you pass, the harder it`ll become. A fun game shaping up the a suicidal puzzler genre.The game was designed to make you constantly think outside the box and find creative and new ways to kill yourself. As you progress you`ll experience harder and harder levels, new items and objects.About the gameThink To Die -Episode 2 follows the steps of Think To Die Part 1.  Episode 2 however focuses much more on Quality than on Quantity. Every level has its own level design, and every puzzle challenges the player anew. The music from Part 1 was taken over and a few new background music tracks have been added. The game is now fully in 3D and the graphics have been completely changed. The puzzles are way harder to solve and some controls (like the click-teleportation controls) haven been improved and changed.ControllerThe game is NOT meant to be played with a controller, however, it is possible to play most of the levels with it but is not supported.Features:Over 90 unique levels Playable in an optional cartoon lookNew graphicsFunny & Fast gameplayAuto Saves after passing a levelOption to skip any level (By pressing F10) in case you get stuck No paid DLCs (All updates will be free)Single-Player only & playable offline And much much more...Control-Keys:W,A,S,D or arrow keys to moveF10 skips a level F8 flips camera \"C\" changes player \"R\" restarts level \"F1\"enables/disables performance profiler"	"Posted: March 31, 2017This is a very entertaining game, and can be frustrating at times as well. The game is a fun interactive puzzle, that keeps getting more complex and in depth as you progress. The game runs smooth for the most part, with only minor issues, such as sudden control delay or no response to controls at all for a short time. Aside from that, it is good for the thinker type. I enjoy games like Myst and The Longest Journey from back when, but it seems those types of games are hard to find, so this is a good substitute. Some levels are very confusing and seem to make no sense at first, but it seems each one has a solution, lol. I found a couple of levels that I do not think I finished the proper way, but have completed them non-the-less. I recommend this game for casuals that enjoy thinking games, not just action, shoot 'em up games.,Posted: April 26, 2018Simple game yet some challenging problem solving puzzles. Worth getting ThinkToDie for an intro to the controls.The only small issue I have on Linux Mint 17.3 is if I start the game Fullscreen then I have no mouse pointer and I have to crash out, but if I start it Windowed and then change to Fullscreen everything is fine. Same with Think to Die.The Video options have a better layout/resolution in this version, so it's easier to switch between Full and Windowed.,Posted: February 12pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥no lie,Posted: April 9, 2017The fact that it says in the description that it's not very good because it's cheap should show how much they care about this game. They don't.Edit: They saw my review and edited their description. And even deleted one of their comments below because it proved my point. Real classy guy. Don't get this game.Edit Edit: Oh wow now they are charging 5 dollars for this game?! This game wouldn't be worth one dollar! Biggest rip off I've ever seen. Never touch this game people. It is utter crap.,Posted: April 20, 2017(This game was provided by the developer in exchange for a review of the first Think To Die and yes...we were pals until he one day mysteriously removed me.  Thanks and c'est la vie...)More of the same, but with a different skin and new features.After a long time of letting this game digest on the backburner, I believe I've come to a conclusion I can stick with.  Although I can respect what the developer was going for, but in the end...it just isn't my cup of tea.Think To Die 2 is just like the first one where you have to try to find ways to kill yourself via spikes or being crushed under blocks.  Usual ways to die (like running off the screen, falling into a pit, or getting shot by a sentry) only reset the level...back to basics.  Blocks and spikes!As you can expect, Think To Die 2 is a puzzle game...and puzzles are one of those things that just doesn't click with me for very long (I.E. I'm not always good at them).  This version also has a \"Don't die\" mode which serves as a minigame, which is okay, but with limited satisfaction.  Though my biggest complaint is the lighting.  Shadows will often obscure your vision and will make it very difficult to see important Unfortunately, though I sympathize with this developer's woes in terms of this game's performance, I cannot recommend purchasing Think To Die 2.  The puzzles end up feeling confusing and irritating.   $5 is also too steep a price for what you're getting...best to wait for a sale if you want it.  Though if you'd like to support the developer or are a puzzle nut, feel free to get it at full price.  Other than that, you might want to skip on this one.  Stay informed, stay entertained!3/10  I thought to die...then I thought to un-die...wait...,Posted: July 5, 2017I tried some of this in real life and I can confirm it works.,Posted: September 8, 2017Man this game had me chewing my fingers in frustration at times haha. But That’s quickly forgotten with the hilarious deaths, nice game, very difficult but a good time killer if you like frustrating games,Posted: June 13, 2017Great game ! Let's you kill yourself in multiple ways. Recommend it for all the emos,Posted: November 26, 2017Just playing the game for a few minutes was fun the levels take alot of \"outside the box\" thinking, But overall it was a good game. Its also not the best for not so good computers.,Posted: October 5, 2017Ok for the price i paid with a coupon discount. The wall jump mechanics♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, as the jumps are random. If you are supposed to walljump off of a 1-block height surface, it'll take me a dozen tries of spamming \"w\" as hard as i can, as i glide along the surface for half a second. Otherwise a consistent game, but things like this are a turnoff, especially as it is a very common thing you need to do in levels."
"94"	"688810"	"50.05"	2017-08-15	NA	"Indie,Puzzle,First-Person,Sci-fi,Singleplayer,Mystery"	"About This ContentFor unknown reasons, you find yourself trapped in a representation of your mind. You are not certain if you're a prisoner or just someone who can't remember the distant past. After several trials, however, you are starting to think that there's more to the small place you've been mistaken for your home.Will you solve the riddles, learn the words and create the conditions that will allow you to know more?Are you willing to lose what you have?It is time to dare. It is time to escape.FeaturesRead and Write your way out! 50.05 expands the story and world of 80.08. Although smaller in scope, 50.05 requires that you, as well, read and write in order to solve puzzles.Create your own puzzles: 50.05 let's you create replicas of itself. It wants to make you create puzzles (for unknown reasons). Create the riddles and share them with others and yourself!Multiple languages: play in English or Spanish."	"Hello everyone,We wanted to let you know that, unfortunately, we will stop selling 80.08 on the Steam Store. Due to many creative, personal and financial reasons, we can no longer keep updating the software, add more content to it or provide any support on this platform. You are still going to be able to play the game and should expect no change to the gameplay because 80.08 is primarily a traditional single-player off-line experience. If you have questions or comments, you can still contact us at cloudscapegt@hotmail.comThe Steam Store has been a great learning experience for us and we hope that in the future we can return with more stories to tell. We sincerely would like to thank all of you who took a chance on us, supported and encouraged us, and helped us improve the game. Thank you so much!Until next time,Best wishes.,Nothing is installed.,Hello,We have fixed an issue where, in some cases, two of the User Interface buttons linked to a different element (not the one selected). And we also have updated the game’s Manual (now it explains how to use the new elements of the User Interface). Check it out!https://store.steampowered.com/manual/688180We wanted to share, as well, a picture from a place that we had not shown before. This image depicts one of the consequences of trauma spreading inside a mind…Keep exploring and remembering!,Hello,We've uploaded version 2.3 of 80.08! This update focuses on gameplay improvements. Here's the summary of the changes:1. We have added two new elements to the User Interface. The first one is called 'Symbol Translator' and can be found in the middle of the upper left side of the screen, next to the 'Visual Profile' button.When activated, the Symbol Translator will display on the lower left corner of the screen the hidden symbol 'inside' an interactive object. For instance, you could approach one of the Beings and left click one of its interactive objects to learn what symbol is hidden inside of it. Although the Symbol Translator is not necessary to learn the symbols of all the Beings (there are clues in the Main Hub and inside the Manual), it could be very helpful in case you are missing some data.2. The second new element is the 'Help' option. This button is located next to the Symbol Translator and it's designed to help you 'skip' some of the Cage-Beings. When you encounter one of these challenges, check if the Help button is active and then click it to enable the Help Process.3. The Selection Screen has also been updated to reflect the new elements of the User Interface.A reminder: some locations on the main map have two paths, don't forget to visit them all!Don't hesitate to let us know if you find any issues with the new update.Best regards.,Means I can't run the game. Uploading a (new) Linux built would be very much appreciated. =)"
"95"	"1016390"	"Perspectives: Paradise"	2019-01-30	NA	"Adventure,Casual,Simulation,VR"	"About This GameOn November 1st, 1952, the United States detonated the world's first thermonuclear device on the Enewetak atoll in the Pacific ocean.Additionally, there were 42 other tests on or near the atoll.The local population is still dealing with the aftermath.In this VR-experience you get a front row seat of this historic test, at a range of 10 kilometers. (6.2 miles)You get a detailed schematic look at the structure, stages and effects of a thermonuclear explosion.After the tests, what was done with the irradiated material?And what is life like on the islands today?Paradise is a part in our Perspectives series of immersive journalism experiences.This experience was developed in cooperation with Yle. (Finnish Broadcasting Company)NOTE: This is not a game. This is a narrative VR experience."	""
"96"	"411890"	"Persian Gulf Map for DCS World"	2018-06-01	49.99	"Flight,Military,Simulation"	"About This ContentThe Persian Gulf Map for DCS World focuses on the Strait of Hormuz, which is the strategic choke point between the oil-rich Persian Gulf and the rest of the world. Flanked by Iran to the North and western-supported UAE and Oman to the south, this has been one of the world’s most dangerous flash points for decades. It was the location of Operation Praying Mantis in 1988 in which the US Navy sank several Iranian naval vessels. The region also includes the vast Arabian Sea that is well-suited for combat aircraft carrier operations, and it will be an amazing area of operations for the upcoming Hornet and Tomcat. Be it from land bases in Iran, UAE and Oman, or from the deck of an aircraft carrier, the Persian Gulf Map offers a wide array of combat mission scenarios to prove your mettle. NOTE 2: This purchase cannot be transferred to a version other than a Steam DCS World installation.Key Features:201,000 sq km highly detailed map area that centers on the Strait of Hormuz. As part of DCS World 2.5, this map include highly detailed terrain, textures, seas, and buildings. 17 accurately created airbases in Iran, the UAE and Oman. Airbases include a variety of landing aids that can include TACAN, VASI lights, realistic approach lights, and VOR. Detailed cities such as Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and Bandar Abbas with unique buildings. “Strong Hold” islands such as Abu Musa, Siri, and the Tunb islands. Iran, the UAE and Oman will be added to the list of DCS World nations. Unique trees, bushes, grass and other vegetation using speedtree technology. Varied terrain from towering mountains and valleys to desert plains. New map objects like super tankers, cargo ships, pleasure craft, and dhows.New Iranian liveries for ground and air units.Map expansion coming soon with Kerman and Shiraz airbases in Iran."	"One of the most creative DCS World videos I have seen, enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiir2UytDFo,I cannot find downloaded content of the Bodney campaign or The big show.It does not appear anywhere on the main menu. HHHelp!!!,Damage Model Progress UpdateOur new damage model is currently being implemented and tuned to the specifics of each of our internally developed WWII aircraft in DCS World. Each aircraft has unique hydraulics, pneumatic and electrical systems, materials and kinematics. As a result, the predicted damage depends on the type and location of impact will vary substantially. The internal effect such as coolant or oil temperature variation, loss of pressure, loss of control or other effects should, in turn, generate the corresponding predicted the internal and/or external visual effect.Our AI aircraft will also be tuned appropriately and this work is ongoing. We have also added some great tools for testing the damage model on our internal builds. With these tools, we can track the trajectory of hits, shrapnel and damage suffered. In the attached screenshot, you can see the result of a testing session with a Me-109K-4 vs some Flak fire. In the X-ray log window, you can see how different hits make their way into and in some cases through the aircraft. In one instance, an object enters the left tail and stops in the right tail. While the graphical representation isn't the exact location, on the aircraft you will see damage entering at this location, but not exiting on the other side. In another case, you can see objects entering the wing tip, and exiting the middle of the wing. Again, the damage would show on both sides of the wing, based on objects entering and exiting it. As well, you can see how an object entered one Ammo Box, severed the ammo belts on 2 guns, as well as severing a fuel line before stopping in a second ammo box. If you were to use those guns, you would run out of ammo before the indicators showed you did. You can see by the log data that we track the path of the object, the material and/or items passing through it.I hope this update gives you a better understanding of what we are aiming to achieve with our new damage model. We trust that it will be to your satisfaction.Update of Russian Ural-375 TrucksWhile the weapon systems often get the spotlight, it is also important that support units continue to be updated and improved as DCS World grows and evolves. This is part of an ongoing effort to update all older DCS World units.See High Res screenshots here here[www.digitalcombatsimulator.com]Today we bring you three new and updated variants of the venerable Ural-375 truck. The Ural-375 is a workhorse of the Russia military and is a 4.5-ton 6x6 multi-purpose platform from which many variants have been produced since its introduction in 1979. In addition to cargo and crew variants, it has also served as the chassis for the BM-21 rocket launcher, a fuel carrier, and hard and soft tops.Sincerely,The Eagle Dynamics Team,Hey everyone!Apologies for the lack of Hornet news of late. I’ve been a bit unwell lately and the team has been focused on more difficult tasks, so progress has been slower.The big items (in no particular order) that we are working on for the Hornet include:Cleaning up the JDAM and adding new features to the JDAMAdding the JSOW (already in internal test)Add full simulation of GPS and INS alignment and navigation systemsPRECISE waypoint input modeCorrecting HARM guidanceMIDS for LTWS and TWSLitening II targeting podRegarding PB mode for HARM, we decided to push this back for two reasons: 1- based on client feedback, the targeting pod is much more in demand, and 2- we first want to complete the new waypoint database system that will allow creating of PB points. The next Hornet update is planned for May 8th.Thanks,Wags,Hello all, can you guys recommend me some good joysticks/throttles (or just a whole setup)? What are your choices?,I thought for sure they would have fixed this game wrecking bug, but no.Before you can go through one full load of .50 cal your gun barrel will melt.  No matter how you fire and whether you have unlimited ammunition enabled or not.,These 3 P-51 .... P-51D: the P-51D-25-NA and the P-51D-30-NA are all available now or not? I saw they revisited the mustang  and provide an all new cockpit and external model using modern rendering techniques like deferred shading and physical based rend...,Salut à tous, Je suis à la recherche de joueurs parlant français histoire de ne plus être constamment seul sur DCS, à force c'est plus très drôle d'être en solo ^^ Je ne suis ni un pro, ni un ultra passionné, juste un joueur qui aime le monde...,Posted: April 27This game is incredibly inconsistent. I got a VR headset and it's a total gamble when I open the game which planes will work and which will crash the game to desktop. I have updated drivers reinstalled the game tried beta versions and there is never a consistent way to load up a mission. It's really disappointing because when it does work it is the best VR experience I have played but whenever I try to show friends or family and just load up a quick mission where I'm already flying I end up troubleshooting for an hour and then quitting in frustration. For the amount of money you are charged for each plane and how stingy this game is with everything you need for a plane like maps and missions, it is unacceptable to have such a crash prone experience. I'm glad I only paid $15 for the entry level planes and never bought the mustang or spitfire which the the ones I'm interested in. It feels like a waste of money because I have only got the planes I bought to work once. Different teams work on different planes which means there are a lot of incompatibilities that cause these problems. To charge $30-60 for a plane, another $50 for a map, and then more for assets to populate that map and then finally an additional $10-15 for actual missions only to have it crash and require different versions of the game to run different planes is unacceptable for what is billed as a top tier flight sim. All the mechanics and beautifully rendered aircraft are here and there is VR support but this game is not a platform where you can load it up and fly different missions with different planes and test stuff out. For the price it requires way too much work to get up and running. I don't mind the depth and detail and difficulty of the flying, but if they are going to charge this much and the launch platform for these planes to be so shoddy, they need to provide a simplified cheaper or free version of each plane to determine whether or not it will even load after the purchase. I watch videos of this game and want to buy 4 or 5 different planes. I am willing to pay upwards of $150 dollars on this game but I refuse to because I'm not sure if it will work.,Posted: April 29Great game, I bought the F18, a big learning curve, still learning.Fun to play w/ friends.Wait for a sale before buying a plane. You will thank me.,Posted: April 30A must for every military aviation enthusiast"
"97"	"46280"	"Star Wolves 2"	2010-03-02	3.99	"Strategy,RPG,Space"	"About This GameSix years have passed after the events of 2226 A.D. The balance in the galaxy has been restored as transgalactic corporations have been deported to the outskirts of the galaxy and deprived of their power.  The Empire, just as before, continues to fight against the Aliens. As a rule armadas of battleships aren't used in such conflicts. Small maneuverable squadrons that can attack and retreat quickly are better suited for this type of war. This means that the famous Star Wolves team is back in action!Star Wolves is a 3D space RPG with deep strategy and tactical elements. The game thrusts players into a world of freelance space hunters during a time of war for the all-powerful Empire.  Human space pirates, rogue AI computers that rebelled against humanity and Aliens roam space in search of easy prey and planets to conquer.Star Wolves 2 is a sequel to the best-selling space strategy with role-playing elementsHuge game world with over 50 star systems and complete freedom to move from one to anotherNew ships including the Mothership, improved fighters and ships built using alien technologiesUpgrade your ship with a huge range of partsNew characters and mercenaries to join your teamNon-linear storyline, several ways to finish the game and dynamic missions.  It is up to the player to choose where to go and what missions to pick up. Upgrade your ship with a huge range of parts"	"Posted: July 5, 2015Wall, hmmm, what's to sayThis game is a mistake. while SW 1 and 3 are decent, this one is not (and the Creators relized that I guess, because SW3 story starts where SW1 finished )You can sure travel  around the galaxy, but it does not help as it is mostly empty. And the main quest is probably worst of it. No much story to speak of, and when it was fially finished the main indication of the fact was that you were thrown bac to the starting screen.Overall, skip this one and go straight to SW3,Posted: December 6, 2013When I first started playing this game I couldnt get past the voice acting. Then as the depth of the game developed I slowly slowly learned to actually like it. I have to say that this is one of the most graphically stunning games I have gotten off of steam.  It would be extremly nice if there were more games that catered to low system specs. I personally have been drooling over eve online for ages. But it is just out of reach for my system. From what I know of that game this game has allot to offer. The skill system in particular was very very interesting. Each character had certain abilitys the could trigger in combat. However these abilitys have a timer attached and can only be used so many times per mission. Anyway I have rambled on long enough, ohh and the ending wasn't as bad as some reviewers would have you believe. Granted it wasn't a 20 minute long cut scene or anything, but it did provide a measure of closure.,Posted: November 9, 2014A quite good Sequel despite his harsh start (fighting Aliens in the second Main mission! WTF?) and a quite empty and lifeless Universe. Oh, and voiceacting is awful. But if you are patient and frust resistant enough, the Game rewards you with great and challenging, sometimes brutal Battles ( at least in the Main missions).,Posted: November 30, 2013The story is quite weak, and rather forgetable. Where this game shines is in the gameplay. Did I mention the voice acting is terrible? The voice acting is TERRIBLE.An example of the awful voice acting:http://youtu.be/wL_YXUtjvx4Despite the games short comings (weak story, terrible voice acting) I would give this a definite try if you're into space shooters, and the price is low enough.,Posted: December 28, 2014This game is like the unfinished version of the first SW. It copies most things from the old game and invents a single new idea of one \"free to explore\"-map. This idea combined with the technical problems breaks the game, therefore my advice is:STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME! (Btw, dunno why i spent 12 hours on this, maybe i searched for \"something\" good in this game, but well, couldve played it through in 8 hours or less...)+ RPG Part -> Copy from SW1Skill/Perk system is not very complex but functional, various paths can be used for skilling the characters. The different paths lead to a slightly different gameplay approach. Could be more complex, but works nice and is motivating.- Fighters and EquipmentOn of the highlights in the first game, is now one of the problems. The \"natural\" progress is gone, you will start with Tier2, grind around some time and -tada- then you will be Tier 4. Natural progress? NOPE.- CombatYou would expect this to be the same as in SW1, but you have more KI problems, less designed missions and nearly no enemies. Boring.- Story There is nothing you can call story. Just some \"main missions\" without any sense. They look like the random missions. Not much difference. You cant compare this to SW1, it had WAY better missions and story.- Presentation and ControlsStill like the old but way more problematic...- BugsWay more problems then SW1 - For me personaly it only crashed one time but had alot of KI bugs - Funny as the space is nearly empty compared to SW1... ---Free galaxyA system you can freely explore sounds good? Well, if all sub-systems are nearly empty its just plain bad. Usually 1 trading station (buy/sell gear/fighters) and 0-2 other stations per subsystem (they are only used for the random missions). If you are lucky also 1 trader or a wing of fighters. But usually all subsystems are empty...Still you have to fly around for this stupid random missions. There are only 3 types: Patrol, Destroy and Deliver. The involved subsystems are always random. For example, after you take the mission in a trading station:-> Fly to subsystem XY to start the mission(= you have to cross X maps usually without enemies)-> Mission is started, fly to subsystem YZ and kill/patrol/deliver (= again X maps, sometimes with a single random attack)-> If its kill/patrol, you now get your random encounter (you dont even need your figthers, mothership is way to strong)-> Go back to subsystem XY for reward (OMG). The good? thing, some of this missions (without enemies, just long, boring travel on empty maps) give 500k, so you go on highest tier pretty fast...,Posted: August 7, 2016This \"Star Wolves 2\" had potential to be a good game like SW1, but in reality is FAR inferior to \"Star Wolves 1\"! Despite it seemingly being almost indentical, seemingly using the same code, it is a lot buggier and less stable than \"SW1\"!- It crashes to desktop occassionally. \"SW1\" NEVER did that once.- Frame rates slow down in places enough to be noticably jerky! Even on a gaming PC (a budget one I admit), yet this game should not even tax the weakest non-gaming laptop! \"SW1\" always maintained well over 100, 200 even FPS! \"SW2\" drops to below 15 FPS!- It also appears to go slower and slower and slower the further you progress!- Ship pathfinding, especially around other large ships and stations is AWFUL. It was ropey on \"SW1\", but what the ♥♥♥♥ have the programmers done in \"SW2\"? This meant to be somekind of improvement? Your fighters get completely stuck, often even crashing in stations, even the Star Wolf itself, ten times more than in \"SW1\"! \"Star Wolf\" also gets stuck on Trade Stations constantly!- The new \"open world, sandbox\" style doesn't work, I believe it does in SW3 but it DON'T in SW2, all you get is hours of gameplay consisting of just travelling from one system to another to another. - The \"random jobs\" you can get from stations give you from 2,000 to 20,000 credits. But some simple, non-challenging (though long and boooooooring) delivery missions give you over 500,000!!!!! Exploiting these a few times means you are so rich, you may as well have used Cheat Engine to \"fiddle your accounts\"! That definately must be a mistake!- Many cut-scenes are broken, the camera just endlessly spins around and around the Star Wolf, with no text, dialog, nothing. Of course you can manually skip out of these, but I'm sure you miss a lot of the game's plot texts as a result!- Voice acting has been improved a little, at least! Despite what you may read elsewhere around here!!!!! Honest it is better than SW1!- English translations seem better as well, though SW1 was also good for a Russian made game..... Russian <-> English is a difficult conversion it seems!I have been getting some pleasure out of this title, so far, but as I get further, it seems to be getting slower and more laboured. I'm thinking it may become unplayable before I finish it.....? Let's just say the game is getting old, real quick!EDIT:-WHAT IS THIS 8ULLSHIT? I HAVE finished it - and the ending is a \"humanity destroyed you lose\" ending!!!!! WHAT UTTER 8OLLOCKS IS THIS?,Posted: December 12, 2018Bland and forgettable storyline, scripted scenarios not triggering half the time and leaving the game in hanging state, practically non existent balance. SW2 is a reskinned version of the first game with everything taken from it that made SW1 so memorable. Feel free to skip this title and go for SW1 and SW3 if you're interested in the series.At least girls on the cover are hot.,Posted: July 28, 2015It's Homeworld if Homeworld was done in an RPG management style. This is not a bad thing, the story seems interesting enough and the game play is simple yet satisfying, definitely worth a look.,Posted: July 12, 2016I thoroughly enjoyed SW 1 and 3, but cannot say the same for SW 2. It feels rushed, full of bugs or unbalanced features (e.g. generic missions with rewards in ten thousands of credits and poof - one of them, completely uninteresting, with reward of 0.5M). Main missions are much worse balanced than in SW1. It is possible to free roam, but there is absolutely no reason apart of fulfillment of boring generic get and fetch or kill all enemies missions),.. All the good features were already in SW 1, so go play that - or SW3 - instead. Nothing wrong to buy as a part of bundle :),Posted: April 20, 2016I wanted to like this one, but I don't.I really liked Star Wolves and all the components are there:- dreadful dialogue and voice acting- RPG space combat sim- Same gameplay as the firstbut the bugs are just too many and too painful.   Give it a miss - maybe 3 will be better again."
"98"	"572910"	"Rakuen Original Soundtrack"	2017-05-10	9.99	"Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentThis is the Rakuen Original Soundtrack by Laura Shigihara. There are 52 tracks (in both FLAC and mp3 formats), including an album's worth of lyrical songs, and 2 bonus tracks by guest composers.1.) Tell me a story2.) Searching my Life (Rakuen Trailer version) 3.) These Grey Walls4.) Tiny Planets5.) Fish Heads6.) One Wish (Mom tells a story) 7.) One Wish (instrumental)8.) Keeper of the Key9.) Welcome to the Forest10.) Sleep11.) Morizora's Cave12.) The Spirit Envoy13.) The Keepers (vox only) 14.) The Keepers15.) Gemma and the River16.) My home is underwater17.) Lights18.) Welcome to the Skylands 19.) The Midnight Tea Shop20.) Broken Attic21.) A Family of Bears22.) Where no one can find us 23.) For a moment, For a lifetime24.) Tony and Christina25.) My Little Girl26.) The Old Man's Music Box27.) The Monsieur's Tea28.) The Monsieur's Tea (lil budz rmx)29.) Who Stole the Crumble?30.) I didn't know you were working today31.) Flowers Forever32.) Kowareta Omoide33.) Yours34.) Tokyo Cat and Dog Bakery 35.) Puchi36.) Chase37.) Moving Day38.) The Time to Cross Worlds39.) The Lonely Tree 40.) Aoboshi Matsuri (by Dale North)41.) Build a little world with me42.) Mom's 'To Do' List43.) X-ray Soda44.) The Longest Wait45.) Kami Kabuto Hero46.) Eating Ramen and Singing Fight Songs 47.) Laura's Minuet (by Shane Wegner with Joe Christenson)48.) Mom Broken49.) Walking Through the Night50.) Mori no Kokoro51.) Kaasan e52.) JumpCredits:Composed by Laura Shigihara Guest Composers: Dale North (\"Aoboshi Matsuri\") and Shane Wegner (\"Laura's Minuet\")All lyrics songs written/composed/arranged produced by Laura Shigihara\"My Little Girl\" performed by Andy Hull\"Yours\" performed by Dale North\"Mori no Kokoro\" performed by Laura Shigihara, Andy Hull, Dale North / mixed by Roger \"rekcahdam\" Hicks\"Lights,\" \"The Lonely Tree,\" \"Build a Little World With Me,\" \"Mom Broken,\" \"Walking Through the Night,\" and \"Jump\" performed by Laura Shigihara"	"The game keeps crashing for me at the exact same spot. I get to the \"secret\" room where you need 3 key cards in 3 key card readers to walk through the door at the top of the screen. The second I walk through the door, the screen goes black, and I get an e...,無いから立てた。日本語で語れるスレッド。,Posted: May 4Simply beautiful. This is up there with To the Moon in terms of emotional impact, and similarly covers weighty topics with a sense of whimsy and optimism which prevents them from becoming too dark. The soundtrack is lovely, the writing is excellent and the game is filled with vivid imagination. Outstanding stuff - especially given it is the first game this developer has created.,Hi folks! My name is Laura, and I'm the creator of the game Rakuen. I thought I'd drop by and say hello and thank-you to everyone who has been kind and supportive throughout this whole development process! It's been quite tough at times, but overall a rea..., Dear translators!! We launch the organized Rakuen Community Translation.Currently the game is already been translated into Italian, Spanish, Korean and Chinese (Simplified). All other languages are welcome.Here is the form to register into tr...,the game freezes for some time and then displays said error.I tried the integrity check with steam and it did not work,Posted: April 29Сложно подобрать слова, потому что после прохождения остаются одни эмоции. Игры, которые не задевают за живое, можно обсуждать очень долго: какая там графика, сюжет, музыка, разбирать характеры персонажей. Это все слишком плоско... Но эту историю хочется просто сохранить где-то в укромном месте своей души, она воспринимается мной как единое целое. Один сплошной шедевр.Игра просто разбивает сердечко на миллион осколков, и вышибает из колеи на несколько дней. Она дает много жизненных уроков, для тех кто сможет их увидеть, конечно. Вам будет весело, а потом невыносимо грустно, потом снова весело, вы будете умиляться, переживать, возможно, будет даже страшно за судьбу какого-либо персонажа.Очень рада, что случайно на нее наткнулась. Мной прочитано и просмотрено очень большое количество грустных историй, так что если даже мое окаменевшее сердце дрогнуло, это о многом говорит.,Posted: April 30I am only 4 hours in but this game surprised me, I didnt expect much of it but it is so cute! It really whisps you away and makes you part of a story that is so heartwarming :3It has an eerie vibe to it too here and there, I love it."
"99"	"278720"	"InFlux Original Soundtrack"	2014-05-06	3.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentIncludes the InFlux Original Soundtrack with music by compser Jonathan Yandel in MP3 format, an hour-long album featuring longer and more elaborate versions of the tracks found in the game.The soundtrack will be downloaded to your InFlux game folder in Steam - for instance, Steam\SteamApps\Common\InFlux\Soundtrack.Track listing:1. Glass Lotus2. The Valley3. Joyous Particulate Responses4. Megaptera Novaeangliae5. Below and Above6. The Forest7. Volcano Dance8. Crystal Lotus9. Water Lotus10. The Message11. Shores of Eternity"	"First of all; really cool game, it has an awsome mood for relaxing!I got the game working at lowest quality settings, but still want to ask about this. My computer is an Intel i5 2,7 ghz. 4 gb ram. ATI radeon hd 5800 graphics card with 1 gb ram. I d...,Hey folks,So, there exists a Mac port of InFlux, but I can't be sure how well it works because I have limited Macs to test on (and none of them gaming-grade). For instance, all the Macs I have access to have Nvidia cards, so for all I know it just doesn'...,I seem to be in an endless loop on a puzzle.  Let's see if I can describe the puzzle.  I have to flip to a platform, change the rotation of the center structure so that I can boost across to another platform that I then traverse across to the second butto...,I'm huge sucker for game with balls, however I'm concerned, is this game lengthy or short? Also any plans for achievements and steam collectible cards?,Is anybody else experiencing this issue? I try and start the game up but it does not even want to load at all. My icon will go green for 2 seconds saying that I am \"In-Game\" and then it goes blue again, never loading up the game. I first validated the i..."
"100"	"777850"	"Cannon Crew"	2018-02-01	NA	"Early Access,Casual,Early Access,Indie,Strategy"	"About This GameAboutCannon Crew is a co-op Castle Defence Party game!Play with a team of 1-4 and work together to stop the enemy breaching your castle walls. Feel free to get competitive within your team - the more gold you can snatch or jobs you complete will give you a higher score than the others - but don't get too distracted from the incoming horde!Game Modes- Story Mode- Survival- PuzzlesDifficultyThe difficulty changes depending on number of players in-game. If you're playing with a team of 4 then enemy waves will arrive quicker and be harder to defeat - Singleplayer means enemies will move slower and take less hits.Planned Features- Online Co-Op- Uploading Custom Levels to Steam Workshop"	"Posted: February 1, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewCannon Crew is a challenging and enjoyable party game. I recommend playing local co-op for the best experience as the tense fast pace action is best shared with others.Though the game has a multiplayer focus, Cannon Crew features a Puzzle mode and adaptive difficulty for Story depending on numbers of player, and achievements for completing the first story chapter alone. I'm excited to see where Cannon Crew heads, with online multiplayer and more story chapters on the horizon, Cannon Crew is one to watch for fans of Overcooked and Escapists!,Posted: February 1, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewCannon Crew is a really fun game. I especially like the cooperative nature of the game, as it makes playing with friends really fun! By the end of the game it can be very tense but extremely satisfying when you finally complete the first chapter. There's also a survival mode and puzzle mode, so there is a lot to offer for only Early Access.The controls are very simple to get the hang of and being able to control the helpers with commands is very cute (and very helpful, especially in single player mode).,Posted: February 3, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewCannon Crew is a fun, easy to learn game.  Fun to play with friends, but requires a controller.  7/10For the shortened review of Cannon Crew, check it out here.If you liked Overcooked or games like it, you will love Cannon Crew!  Cannon Crew is the medieval Dine-n-Dash styled game.  I have not seen a strategy game like this in this particular style, so I can say I was pretty excited to play this.  While the art is a bit rough on the edges (pretty minimalistic and the menu is a bit ugly), it does not detract from the gameplay and is still a great experience.  Overall, looking past the bugs and early access-type stuff, this game looks like it will be very fun and well played by co-op lovers!I will note though, that at the moment, Cannon Crew only offers local co-op and requires controller support for said co-op.  WoksOnStudios claims that they will add online co-op in the future, and I won't doubt them, but there is no mention of co-op keyboard & controller dual support.  As a person who only has two controllers (and this game is advertised for up to four people), I don't know if it would be my chosen party game if I can't connect my keyboard/controllers at the same time.My only other peeves with this game are the glitches (which I assume will be fixed before release) and the controller support itself.  When you buy the cannon loaders and they walk around, if you run into them you get trapped and cannot move. It was a bit unfortunate for my co-op partner to have to run around by himself...trying to beat the game alone.  In a co-op game.  Additionally, the controller settings are a bit wonky.  I can't access the menu with my controller, so I have to grab my keyboard to access it.  I'm not sure if there's a keybind, I didn't see any, but it would be great if that could be added.Personally, I don't think there's much to add to this game, maybe some more store items.  The developers intend on adding Steam Workshop levels, so I hope they create an easy to use level builder.  I'm pretty excited to see what WokOnStudios has in store for this game, so I'll be on the look out!  Thanks for the free copy. :),Posted: February 2, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewGreat game! Will definelty be doing videos on my YouTube for it!!,Posted: August 27, 2018Early Access ReviewThis game is quite enjoyable. Played it with friends in local multiplayed and had a good time. Although it's fun, the game is not a finished product (i know, it's in alpha). The story mode was a bit buggy from time to time and the multiplayer maps are fun only for a short while. At the moment of writing the last update from the devs was for almost 6 months from now. So hopefully this game is still in development and we hear from the devs soon. Would i recommend? I like the gameplay and the potential, but at the current state i would say no. I question if the devs are finishing the game any where soon or at all."
"101"	"983490"	"DayD: Through Time Soundtrack"	2019-01-29	4.99	"Casual,Strategy"	"About This ContentDo you know what you’ll encounter in this incredible adventure? Can you stop Doctor Terrible? Feel the full of mysteries adventure!List of soundtracks that will lead you into world of adventure:Track 1 - 01:08Track 2 - 01:48Track 3 - 02:50Track 4 - 03:39Track 5 - 02:51Track 5 - 03:07Note:All soundtrack are in the format .mp3Album's soundtrack will be placed in a folder containing the game DayD: Through Time."	"Hello.Level 37 cannot be won, because i make 3 fireplaces but game does not end and time is running out.,If so, how is that a puzzle game? If not, can you show us some gameplay that isn't that?,wir brauchen hilfe bei level 37 am lagerfeuer"
"102"	"349800"	"The Charnel House Trilogy Demo"	2015-04-16	NA	"Indie,Adventure"	"About This GameThis demo for The Charnel House Trilogy is complete middle episode of the game 'Sepulchre'."	""
"103"	"806501"	"RPG Maker MV - Haunted School Tiles"	2018-02-15	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentSomething terrifying is haunting the school classrooms and halls...Haunted School Tiles will take your players on a terrifying journey into a school brimming with sorrow, anguish and danger. Created by Sherman3D, this pack includes the essentials you'll need to create the inside of a Victorian-inspired school or mansion that's possessed by evil. From altars and doll parts to blood-soaked floors, Haunted School Tiles is a great addition to your growing library of RPG Maker resources.Features:Basics needed to create a haunted school or mansion.Student and teacher desks, blackboard, antique furniture suitable for horror games, thrillers and more.Material arranged for both clean and cluttered maps.Created and optimized for RPG Maker MV."	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,Title says it all. Want to make a part of my dungeon with moving platforms the player has to get on to move across a space but can't quite figure out how to make it work.,do you guys know any? or a way to change the battle system to atb,HelloI was wondering if anyone could help me find new animations for this. I've been looking at the nets, and tried various things. but I found nothing very inspiring and I am unable to create new animations ,Posted: April 30it's ok.,I just picked up 3 more music packs, I strongly suggest you new people do the sameI've been here quite awhile and Have A LOT of the DLC's, but you never know what you're going to need down the road, so best to scout around and get stuff while it's on sa...,Posted: May 3one day i will complete a projectthen you'll seeyou'll ALLLLL see,Posted: May 4Guy who made this is a mastermind...He deserves every penny for this.Thank you man.<3,So, for thematic purposes, i was trying to jury rig a 'metronome' like move that would randomly pull up a move for the PCs to use in battle.  It used a common event, around 18 If statements with else statements, and the Random Set feature for the variable..."
"104"	"392430"	"MotoGP™15 GP de Portugal Circuito Estoril"	2015-12-04	3.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentInaugurated in 1972, the Estoril circuit hosted the MotoGP™ from 2000 to 2012, the same year Jorge Lorenzo set the circuit record. Situated in the south of Portugal, Estoril has played host to a wide range of top-level motorcycle and formula racing events. In 1996 modifications were made to the original layout, in order to slow down the races and make the track safer, but it's still a fast circuit, with long corners that require perseverance and precision riding.With this circuit, presented here in its 2012 version, MotoGPTM15 features a total of 19 circuits to race on.(This track is available across all game modes, apart from Career, Sprint Season, Real Events 2014, 2-Stroke Events, 4-Stroke Events, and Beat The Time)"	"Does the server still active? , and by active means that it has enough amount of players online,Hi Gamers,We create this thread to ask for your understanding and assistance in helping and report any concerns during the early days of launch of  MotoGP™15 . Feel free to use this thread to report any bug, glitch or issue about  MotoGP™15 V...,Does the Special Edition come with the dlc or season pass?,I have seen people do like 1min 16s at Qatar. The fastest laptime there is a 1:56,Someone can connect to another room or you always get the message \"unable to connect to  host\" ??"
"105"	"756731"	"FURIDASHI - PREMIUM CAR: 1988 TN13"	2018-01-11	2.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentDLC with full upgraded 1988 TN13 with unique design!Enjoy this premium car!"	"RDS - The Official Drift Videogame is the licensed version of the Russian Drift Series in the Cyper Sport world! Become a member of professional drift competitions on famous tracks. Compete with real players around the world.This is all new project on next gen game engine!https://store.steampowered.com/app/934930/RDS__The_Official_Drift_Videogame/Please subscribe!Instagram:https://www.instagram.com/rds_game/ВКонтакте:https://vk.com/rds_gameYouTube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYXQsuVQElN33zt6cEL863w,please, put Toyota Supra in this game!!,При запуске игры появляется черный экран (игра как-будто запускается), потом он пропадает возврощая к рабочему столу, при этом в диспечере з...,Здравствуйте, после полугода перерыва вернулся в игру, а баг с \"тормозами\" все еще присутствует (Периодически игра уходит в 10-15фпс, помогает ...,Posted: April 28i didnt even start to drift before i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as i have a Logitech G920 racing wheel and it doesnt support it which for a drifting game is a must in my opinion if you dont what/need wheel support then get the game if you do need wheel support then get Asseto Corsa,Posted: April 29Abomination can't even be considered a game.No controller support, like xbox 360 controller or a steering wheel.No proper Oculus support, View camera is broken, the touch controllers have no use.In VR the game runs extremely poorly.Do not buy, 10 minutes was enough for me.Ill be taking a refund thanks.,it be dope if we could put mods in this game,Если вы ранее приобрели Peak Angle: Drift Online и до сих пор остаетесь нашим фанатом - мы благодарны вам!В знак нашей благодарности мы дарим вам все DLC..."
"106"	"398950"	"The End of an Age: Fading Remnants"	2019-09-16	NA	"RPG,RPGMaker"	"About This Game'The End of an Age: Fading Remnants' is a story-driven RPG game for PC and is a Single-player experience. It is the first in the 'The End of an Age' Trilogy. The game is being developed to fill the huge void left behind by one of RPG's greatest sons, designed to be reminiscent of the earlier Final Fantasys' with a focus on character development and an enriching story. Whilst it is a small-budget game, I am doing my best to make the game as good as possible with the funds and resources I have available. The game is being produced with RPGMakerVX Ace as this is a platform which I am able to utilise and is fitting with the JRPG Genre as well as art style. Of course, many aspects of RPGMaker can be customised with the use of scripts and imported graphics and art, which will be revealed and put in place during development. A few of the key features:*Between 40-60 hours of gameplay.*Turn-based ATB battle system with random encounters.*Many dungeons to explore. And Puzzles to solve.*An engrossing story of betrayal and honour.*In game battle arena to earn big rewards!The story takes place in a fantasy world with a mysterious great evil threatening to destroy mankind and all that it has touched. 'Fading Remnants' focuses on the character of 'Wilfred', the son of a famous knight who was driven to madness during his many years of battles. He eventually died, while still claiming 'a great evil from another world would destroy all'. It begins as the King's castle is attacked by the Empire and their Skeleton horde, and Wilfred must return and save his king and kingdom from destruction. Will he discover this other world and defeat the great evil within ?"	""
"107"	"530930"	"Soulblight"	2018-03-15	14.99	"Indie,RPG,Action,Rogue-lite,Dungeon Crawler,Top-Down,Procedural Generation,Dark Fantasy,Rogue-like,Replay Value,Difficult,Survival,Action RPG,Dark,Choices Matter,Souls-like,Singleplayer,2D"	"Reviews“It was one of the few times where I felt I was truly “role-playing” a character and not just doing things for the possible reward. It was freeing in a way”MMORPG“It is honestly AMAZING, worth checking out and I can’t wait to see how it will shape in the feature. If you want to support a game with a great potential well…this is the one!”Grab The Games,About This GameSoulblight is a dark, unforgiving, top-down action roguelike luring you to cross the thin line between good and evil. Instead of XP grinding, it introduces a Tainting Mechanics. While traveling through the shattered reality of the Sanctuary, you will receive personality traits based on your choices. These will be the main source of your strength. To harness them, you will have to act accordingly. Becoming an alcoholic means that you will be rewarded for getting drunk, but from that point being sober might prove to be unbearable.Main Features A unique Tainting Mechanic designed to encourage role playing Tons of weapons, armor, and utility items Dynamic and tactical combat build around stamina management and distance control Optional stealth approach that complements fighting Randomly generated, visually breathtaking levels High difficulty level emphasized by permadeath mechanics Gameplay­-driven narrativeGameplayBefore entering each level of the Sanctuary you get to choose a Taint that represents a certain personality trait. That choice will shape your future experiences as each Taint unlocks a new way of gaining power - a custom mechanic designed to encourage role-playing. Tainting Mechanics channels your will to survive into actions that are aligned with your hero’s personality. Let’s have a look at some examples:As you go deeper into the Sanctuary you’ll be able to add more Taints to your character’s personality making the shifting levels of the dungeon itself a skill tree of a kind. However with each new Taint you’re a step closer to the point of no return. Are you sure you know where it is?The Idea Behind SoulblightWe look back with nostalgia at our pen and paper RPG memories. Back then, gaining XP and leveling up was only part of the fun. The thing we were most excited about was actual role-playing. For a brief moment becoming a character with all their merits but also with all their flaws. Sometimes their shortcomings would stand in the way of solving a quest at hand making the game more difficult. But because of that the characters felt more alive and that’s why we wouldn’t have it any other way.The situation with video games is different. For the most part players can’t miss an opportunity to get precious loot or XP knowing that the game will penalize them for it. That’s why no one expect players not to fight a giant spider just because their character might have arachnophobia. So if we want players to actually role­play there needs to be a special mechanic that will encourage them to do so. That is how our Tainting Mechanic came to be."	"Posted: April 5, 2018Product received for freeIntroductionSoulblight is the debut Steam title from developer, My Next Games, published by Movie Games S.A..Soulblight tells a typical fantasy quest-to-save-the-world story -- albeit with some interesting, but ultimately irrelevant technology -- in a very disjointed and confusing manner. I'm not sure if something's been lost in translation or if it's intended to be mysterious, but I found it frustrating and pretentious, to the point where I lost interest in what the game was telling me.From what I can gather, you play some sort of unique hero-type character, fated by the crystal attached to your arm to be the one to remove the blight that has infected the Soul Tree: the source of all life in the world. There's some weird sort of religious group that resurrects you when you die and transports you to a nearby sanctuary, as well as providing you with mysterious messages about your quest, too.Anyway, you enter the great citadel that was originally created to protect the Soul Tree, but which has now become its dank prison, then hack your way through countless enemies and try to reach the Tree before it's too late for everyone. Or something like that.PresentationThe game has quite pretty world graphics, but they often get in the way. You play from a top-down camera over which you have no control; it pans, zooms, and rotates of its own accord, keeping your character in the centre of a view that's usually zoomed in too far to get a good picture of what's around you. But the levels do look interesting and colourful, with nice lighting and special effects.It's hard to make characters in a top-down recognisable and it's unfortunate that the artists haven't done a great job here. Characters look like blobs that are mostly indistinguishable from each other. Animations are okay, but nothing spectacular. The character graphics are poor enough that you need a little triangle showing which way you're facing, but even then with enemies sometimes you can't tell unless you go into sneak mode to see their vision cones.The in-game interface is unique, but not in a good way. In my first review draft I called it 'terrible', but I've grown more used to it since then; now it's merely annoying. The lack of explanation about what most of it does and the weird inconsistencies where sometimes you have to press a button, sometimes hold it down, and sometimes hold it down while moving something else or pressing another button, make it hard to get used to. But it's functional once you've worked it out.Sound effects are great, with melee combat bashes, clangs, and crashes sounding convincing, though a few more grunts or cries of pain wouldn't go astray. Music, too, is very good: dramatic fantasy tracks that fit the environment perfectly. There are no voices in the game, but there's a lengthy spoken introductory video with speech over two-dimensional hand-drawn art that explains the background, however, the speaker has an accent and mumbles strongly, and with no subtitles it can be quite hard to work out what she's saying.The script is mostly well written from a grammar point of view, with only a few more advanced errors and some slightly oddly worded lines here and there.GameplayFirst of all, the game's first loading screen says \"Best played with a controller\". Pay attention to this! Mouse and keyboard controls are absolutely woeful. After my first abortive attempt I plugged in my controller and restarted the game (it didn't pick it up until a restart) and was relieved that controls were somewhat better, but still disappointed at the clunkiness of it all. There's also no way to remap controls.From the screenshots you'd be forgiven for thinking that Soulblight is a twin-stick shooter. It's not. Rather, it's a single-stick brawler with rogue-like elements, including procedural generation of levels, loot, enemies, etc, but not, unfortunately, bosses or 'taint' selections. Given that the core of the gameplay is wandering about and beating up on enemies, then, it's a shame that combat is just so ... awful. The game has this weird concept of 'grip', which you use to entrap your enemy. Every armour and weapon has two ratings, one for normal attacks and one for grip attacks, the latter usually being the higher, for weapons at least. That's all fine and mildly interesting, if a bit odd, but it's just implemented so badly that combat becomes a chore: something to avoid, rather than to relish.Your character reacts like an invalid, turning and moving at a pace that even your slowest enemy can easily catch you. You also have very limited stamina, so after a few swings of even the lightest weapon you're left defenceless. You can dash away or block, but these are useless against all but the weakest enemies, making the touted tactical combat degrade into a roshambo encounter. Against one or even two enemies this is winnable, but come up against a larger group, or any of the game's bosses, and it's game over before you can say, \"Oh, my knee!\"To help (or hinder) you in this frustrating combat are various bonuses and penalties. Hunger, remorse, taint bonuses or penalties, and injuries, among other things, all contribute to your overall modifier, which determines how much damage you inflict and take. These modifiers aren't explained well, if at all, but unlike the story, it's quite fun learning what they do.I'm a huge fan of rogue-like games and others with rogue-like elements, but in Soulblight's case, it's basically irrelevant. Sure, each level is different from the last, but with the limited level components, enemies, and loot, and the static boss and taint selection, the differences are only skin deep. The rogue-lite 'meta-improvement' concept is implemented by way of some minor bonuses received from fulfilling side-quests for NPCs in the sanctuary, as well as through storage of limited items in the storage chest, for use by your next character. Neither is revolutionary, but they're not bad either.I've mentioned taint a few times. I was hoping this would be a game-changer: the game adapts based on how you play it. But it's a bit of a let down. You pick one of four taints -- gluttonous, fierce, conniving, etc -- every few levels throughout the game, and each one applies modifiers based on various attributes, such as how much food you've eaten, enemies you engage, or chests you open. It's a reasonable enough mechanic, but it's the same every time, and hardly game changing.The game also uses a number of fancy-looking screens that function just to break up levels. Whether they're hidden loading screens, I'm not sure, but they don't serve any obvious purpose other than to slow you down and give the developers a chance to say, \"Look at this; isn't it cool?\" To be fair, it was cool the first time I saw it, but taking a minute every time I finish a level is just a waste of my time.Pros and ConsPros:+ Interesting graphics+ Good soundCons:- Combat is awful- Game concepts hidden behind barely understandable lore- Boring grind- Slow level-transition screensVerdictAs a work of art, Soulblight is not bad. The setting and graphics are quirky and do a reasonable job of making the somewhat stereotypical fantasy story seem more interesting. As a game, however, Soulblight falls in a bit of a heap. It's difficult, but more due to the pretentiousness of its presentation -- poor controls, hiding gameplay information, not explaining any of the controls or game concepts beyond some barely understandable lore, and making combat difficult through poor visibility and graphical contrast -- than any inherent difficulty in the game itself.I was hoping my initial impressions would give way to a more favourable feeling about the game after a few hours' play, but I still feel that it's a bit of a wasted opportunity. PauseFor more game reviews, visit Save or Quit[saveorquit.com].,Posted: March 20, 2018Soulblight does a lot of things that have been done many times before. It's a top-down dungeon crawling action RPG with a stealth system. In many ways, it's a lot like so many games before it. It has those familiar roguelike elements (or \"roguelite\" since it's not actually like Rogue as a game), with the permadeath and procedural generation that form the pillars of the style. There's some crafting and survival mechanics thrown in as well, which are pretty basic, but well-implemented (I'd prefer it if hunger was either slower to build or easier to satisfy, but that may get easier with practise). In general, all the game's systems are well done. It's got a sense of completeness that a lot of games seem to lack - even the aspects the game isn't doing anything unique or special with feel solidly implemented.There are two things that really make Soulblight special: the combat and roleplaying mechanics. In these aspects of the game, the usual gamer expectations are thrown out the window, but much like the rest of the game, these unique and innovative mechanics are well implemented.The combat system in Soulblight is based around a two-layer system of \"distance\" and \"grip\" combat. Each layer works a little differently, and most enemies are stronger in one area or the other, while your own weapons and equipment can give you advantages in either style as well. Balancing these mechanics is a great challenge and keeps enemies feeling unique and dangerous, even when you're powered up and only fighting 1 or 2 basic enemies. A few reviews have expressed a dislike for this system - and given how unfamiliar it is at first (and how poorly-explained it is in-game), I can't blame them. But if you put the effort in to figure it out, it's a very deep and rewarding experience.And that leads to the roleplaying element - as you progress through the world, you have opportunities to gain \"taints\". These are, effectively, personality traits which reward you for staying in character, or punish you for acting contrary to the role you've chosen for yourself. If you want to push your luck, taking the \"reckless\" taint will give you a buff for every wound, and fighting multiple enemies at once can stack up additional temporary buffs. Combining this with Black Steel armour, which applies a \"curse\" that counts as a wound, you can have a permanent bonus to your character's powers at the cost of dying much faster when you get outplayed. You can choose taints which complement one another, and gain progressively stronger benefits from being consistent about sticking to a playstyle throughout a run. You can also pick a taint then actively go against it as a way to handicap yourself, reducing your character's power to make the already-challenging game even more difficult.On top of the game being excellent fun, the developers are being active about communicating - at least so far - with the fans. I've seen bug reports getting promptly addressed and investigated. They're not only open to discussing player requests, but when they decide not to do something, they take the extra step of explaining a little about why not.,Posted: March 21, 2018This game is chock full of good ideas, has an interesting premise, and is by far one of the prettiest top-down games I've ever played. I do appreciate the obscurity, even regarding the game's mechanics, as it is easy enough to figure things out before long.However... for all its strengths, the keystone of the game is cracked: the combat is simply not fun. Fighting is relatively one dimensional: you approach an enemy, grab them or don't, and then attack with varying amounts of charge, depending on how fast you want to kill them. The height of the combat is when you can kite enemies around, make clutch parries, and take advantage of your Taint perks to get a power boost. Wounds are a fascinating approach to taking damage.But it quickly falls apart: the stealth feels like an afterthought, as once you're spotted, there's no hope of the enemy actually losing you, and attempting to flee only gets more enemies chasing you (breaking the Cowardly Taint, might I add). The 'grip' system is interesting only in theory, as it quickly gets disorienting when enemies grab you, and you can no longer use your primary mobility mechanic. Multiple enemies grabbing you is a death sentence, as you can no longer maneuver at all before long. Parrying is nice, but guarding is borderline useless.It's a weird feeling: when I take all these elements by themselves, and think about them, I can envision them working if they were tweaked just a little bit. But I think the biggest issue is this: these are mechanics that belong in a bigger game, stuffed into a tiny shell. This is the wrong perspective for this sort of combat, without enough options to meaningfully compensate.(Also, I don't know about anyone else, but I sometimes get weird audio crackling when in certain areas, particularly the hallway leading to the Sanctuary Entrance and the Sanctuary Crossroads.),Posted: March 28, 2018The concept, world building, and graphical style are all fantastic, however the \"rogue-like/rogue-lite\" replay grind quickly becomes tedious. I felt like I spent most of my time opening boxes, only to die and have to do it all over again.I would love to see some kind of progression system, so that each failed run doesn't just feel like a loss.,Posted: April 15, 2018Great ideas but poor execution. Game looks beautiful, sound/music is cool, concept is original but actual gameplay is pretty janky, repetitive and impenetrable, even with a tutorial in hand.I'm glad I bought the game and supported the dev, there are some great ideas buired in this mess if you look deep enough. The dev shows great promise and I expect that he'll turn this ship around or maybe the next game will be a winner.,Posted: March 15, 2018Product received for freeARCANE RAISE - CURATOR PAGEIntro:Soulblight is a fresh take on the classic rogue-lite RPG genre with punishing difficulty, stunning visuals and deep atmosphere. You uncover most of the lore via collecting punchcards that contain text and talking to the NPCs. Writing is excellent in this game, both from a technical standpoint and artistic value. Additionally, the narrator voice acting in the opening cutscene is top-notch.Gameplay mainly consists of the common rogue-like trope which is a focus on exploration with permadeath. You can take up to 5 wounds before dying, and that's it. The game is very challenging overall but the Taint system helps ease the difficulty by letting you tailor your character to your playstyle. Combat is quite fun in action although rather basic in nature.Overall, it's a decent experience if you're into rogue-like elements or role-playing games in general. Pros (+9):- Intriguing lore- Decent writing- Tactical combat- High replayability- Engaging atmosphere- Challenging but fair gameplay- Enjoyable soundtrack and excellent audio- Complex mechanics and steep learning curve- Beautiful art design and breathtaking visualsNeutral(x1):- Top-down camera systemCons(-7):- Horrible Keyboard & Mouse controls- Poor UI design and convoluted menus- Borderless windowed mode not supported- No individual volume slider (only master volume)- Graphic options can't be modified (except resolution)- Community link opens in native browser instead of built-in- Cannot remap controls manually (can only choose from preset schemes)Verdict: 6.75/10 - GoodA well designed rogue-lite top-down RPG with challenging gameplay, breathtaking visuals and engaging atmosphere that's worth playing if you're a fan of this genre. Playing with an X360 controller is recommended, as mouse+keyboard controls aren't that good.,Posted: March 15, 2018Product received for freeAmazing game. Not a fan of Top Down view and Roguelike genre in general but this game is something else.Seemingly simple but complex. Synergy and Taint system that can help and backfire is fantastically done and can completely change how you play the game.Replayability is high because of said taint system that can be combined into multiple taints making you insanely strong. Combinations are seemingly limitless.Combat is fun and tense cause every mistake will cost you a wound. 5 wounds and its game over.Stealth element is also present in the game. If you want, you can take Cowardly Taint and get permanent passive boost for every stealth kill you make. Atmosphere and ambient music is great, adding to the atmosphere. Art style is beautiful too.Be warned, game is tough as hell. I cant recall last time a game was kicking my♥♥♥♥♥♥so much. It is not for everyone in that regard. Still, that feeling of satisfaction when you make progress is as good as in any Souls games.Some bugs are present, like sound issues and occasional graphical glitch.Try it out, you wont regret it. Game has that something when it grips you, its not gonna let you go.,Posted: March 15, 2018The game's really well polished. I've been following the project development for quite some time and I'm really glad the game is finally here to play. The difficulty is quite high and the learning curve is steep, but achieving every step of progress feels really rewarding because of that :) You can see a lot of hard work at every step you make. The graphics are matching to each other, every fragment of the visible screen has a lot of detail and effects put together to work for a great visuals.You'll die a lot even in the first tutorial, so get prepared for some♥♥♥♥♥kickin' enemies ;P,Posted: April 9, 2018If you just want to go ahead and click on enemies to attack, this game is not for you.If you want to spend some time to understand combat, taints and item mechanic, If you want to discover a lore as a result of your hard work and be proud by overcoming challenges, this game is for you.,Posted: March 15, 2018Early first impressions, but it seems interesting. I'd recommend going in blind, and just figuring stuff out as you go. There is a tutorial that introduces you to the basic combat mechanics, and there are NPC's that will tell you how some of the mechancis work, but I'm having a lot of fun just finding stuff out.Just realize sooner than I did that there is more than one kind of chest. The tutorial only shows you what one looks like, but there are at least 4 others that I know of that I missed my first few runs."
"108"	"1006820"	"Orphan of the Petal - Reward 1$"	2019-02-04	0.99	"Casual,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This Content-------------------------------------------------------------------------注意：本DLC不包含任何实质性内容，仅供玩家支持打赏使用，如果您不知情或不小心购买了该DLC，可在2个自然月内申请退款-------------------------------------------------------------------------"	"https://store.steampowered.com/app/1041760/感谢大家支持！玩家群：597671541,Can I know how to fix this?,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1030090更多游戏：https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289QQ群：597671541感谢大家支持！,        大家好，我是镰鼬（Linno）。很荣幸能有机会与0cube开发商协助，将本人的拙作送上steam这个大平台（也算是实现了一个新年愿望吧）。 这款游戏最开始是2017年暑假用来参加66RPG（现在已经不叫这个名字了）论坛的短篇游戏制作大赛的一部作品，剧情、画面和流程都设置得很简单，结局也只有一个。后来到2018年寒假推出了加长内测版，到2018年暑假推出了完整版（贴吧），直至现在依然在不断完善。断断续续地更新，使得游戏中的内容也越来越丰富、BUG也越来越少，结局增加到6个； 但不得不说，因为这是我第一次制作恐怖解密游戏，需要学习的地方有很多（本人是向写程序的方向发展的RPGMaker），可能满足不了部分玩家的游戏体验，在此敬请原谅。本人希望各位路过的玩家能留下您宝贵的评论，一份具有参考价值的差评或一份具有赞赏性质的好评都能让我有动力继续去更新这款游戏，如果风评够好本人会尝试推出新作，也欢迎大家与我探讨游戏制作的话题。 最后，感谢内测成员和开发商，以及看到这里的你们，祝各位新年快乐,万事如意，请与我共同为《七色堇的遗孤》登陆steam平台而干杯！!,Is a English patch coming out?,液体容器+无色溶液（难闻易挥发液体）=无色溶液1（难闻易挥发液体）无色溶液1+锈铁=黄色溶液+铁块无色溶液1+铁块=绿色溶液无色溶液（酸碱指示剂）+白色粉末=红色溶液白色固体+水=蓝色溶..."
"109"	"286671"	"Awesomenauts - Cheerleader Penny Skin"	2014-04-01	2.49	"Strategy,Action,Indie"	"About This Content2, 4, 6, 8Who do we appreciate?Say it Loud!Say it proud!Goooo Awesomenauts!This DLC contains a custom skin for Penny Fox in Awesomenauts. You need to have Penny Fox available as a playable character in order to access the skin in-game. Owning this skin will also unlock the special portrait for use in-game."	"This week's sweet deals are live! All the skins, Nauts and announcers that are featured are 60% off! That's our biggest discount ever! These Nauts are also unlocked in-game this week for everyone to play, on top of our regular unlock rotation! 🎉Score the sweet deals here: https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Skins:Coco McFly Ravishing Raelynn Demon Skolldir Cheerleader Penny Ahrpl Party Boy McPain Summertime Chucho Soulhuntress RaelynnNauts:Skolldir Penny Fox Derpl Zork Chucho Krokk Qi'TaraAnnouncers:SUSI Announcer The Mind Collection Announcer,Here is mine. Why wouldn't you  share your code with us?  QUH4-VP48-PA4G This thread only works as intended, if you randomly pick someone's Recruitment code, while leaving yours for the rest of us. 1:1 is a fair trade, amirite? Find you...,HI,Is there a faster way to gain solar?Thanks,Awesomenauts will soon be celebrating its 7th birthday! To spice up the party, we will be having the biggest and longest sale we’ve EVER had! Starting from Monday April 22nd, selected characters, skins and announcers will be 60% off, these corresponding characters will also be unlocked and playable for everyone (on top of the random weekly rotation)! Sales and characters are renewed every Monday and this cycle will go on for at least the next 2 months (and most likely longer)! More details of Nauts’ birthday celebrations will follow in due course 👍This is a great time to introduce a friend who you think might like Nauts, they'll get to play the complete roster over the coming weeks and also score some sweet deals! 👌We've recently also started a series on our weekly stream (https://www.twitch.tv/ronimogames) where community members teach Niel how to play their favourite Nauts and try to get him to League 1. If you're interested in becoming Niel's coach and joining us on stream, send Niel a message on discord (https://discordapp.com/invite/ronimo). It's a lot of fun but be prepared to get frustrated 😜P.S: Also keep an eye out for weeks where we unlock all characters for everyone!For a taster, get these skins 60% off now! https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Grandmaster Splash   Mousquetaire Leon   Disco Voltar   Kage Genji   Gnabot   Dragon Huntress Ksenia   Unicorn Nibbs   Dark Masquerade   Qi’Tara,Posted: April 30Long wait in Q for games + toxic community,Posted: May 1It's perfectly fine as a 2D moba. Issue now is really just there are barely any players so matchmaking is shot. Bots are ok, but it gets boring after awhile. It's had it's day, but it's also free if you want to give it a go by all means.,Posted: April 30not very awesome, for me the game just doesnt seem a fit but maybe some of you could give it a try,What is the Future of Ronimo?New Game?Continuing development until Awesomenauts is completely dead? ,Too often a poorly matched match occurs because the best players for that match were still in a game at the time the queue ended. Please add a checkbox on queuing that says \"Skip to next queue if a suitable match is not found.\" This way one could play 1 g...,I've noticed there's an easy way to tell if your teammates suck based on the way they move.The way their strafe patterns are, the way they manage around jump pads and platforms, if you press 2 and see what their response is (do they move immediately base..."
"110"	"1045320"	"Fantasy Grounds - Pathfinder Flip-Mat: Asylum (Map Pack)"	2019-03-12	14.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie,Party-Based RPG,Software,Online Co-Op,Turn-Based,Fantasy"	"About This ContentPathfinder Flip-Mat: AsylumHalls of MadnessWhether you're investigating a string of strange occurrences plaguing a center of healing or braving a forgotten sanitarium, Pathfinder Flip-Mat: Asylumhas you covered. Each side of the Flip-Mat features structures serving as a prison for the mad and the unlucky. One side displays an enlightened institution, while the other is a remote and forlorn bedlam. This portable, affordable map measures 24\" x 30\" unfolded, and 8\" x 10\" folded. Usable by experienced GMs and novices alike, and friendly to both dry- and wet-erase markers, Pathfinder Flip-Mats fit perfectly into any Game Master's arsenal!Get to the game faster with Pathfinder Flip-Mat: Asylum, and be ready next time your players want to delve into the depths of madness!This product is not a PDF or accessible outside of Fantasy Grounds. It has been lovingly converted for use within Fantasy Grounds and features the following additions:All maps resized and set up with a preset grid to make combats easy to manageConverted by: David MiddletonReleased on March 05, 2019. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.6 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"111"	"741080"	"Pterodalien"	2017-12-05	9.99	"Early Access,Action,Indie,Casual,Early Access,Simulation,2D"	"About This GameThe world is under siege by an alien armada. - Fight the aliens back and destroy the master alien ship. To get there you must close the 5 Gates.We know you have saved the world a lot of times, that is why we need you as a pilot to do it again. - Join now!Pterodalien is the next Shoot 'em Up which takes another step forward in the evolution of the shmup-genre. As the story is made for players who act up to the principle \"first shoot - ask questions later\" the sophisticated gameplay-cycle gives the succesfull player the opportunity to stand out from the other players to get all the 48 achievements.Now as the mission is clear the player will be equiped with high-tech space ship that can be upgraded. The player is able to earn upgrade points (attributes) after a Level-UP in the experience-system. The player can choose between different upgrades: main-gun, lasergun, homing-missle, Rocket, Speed, Health. - But decisions should be chosen wisely because some upgrades have a trade-off... So for example a homing-missile makes an easy hit but only a hit with the main-gun brings aditionally XP for you next Level-Up. In the tradition of Shmups, Pterodalien has it's own combo-system: with each alien ship you shoot you will get a card from the type of alienship you have shot, you can get an XP-Bonus for 3-of-a-type 4-of-a-type and 5-of-a-type, also another XP-Bonus for a 3+2 combo. But it is not that easy, the player starts with the chance for a 3-of-type, once this is reached the chance counter raises to 4. Then the player is able to reach a 4-of-a-type and so on. In case the player is not succesfull the counter is reset to 3. - So the succesfull player will first aim and then shoot.After making achievements the player will get aditionally rank-points with reaching certain amounts the player will be promoted and reach a higher rank. Pterodalien comes with 11 stunning sci-fi levels each of them has boss-fightsMany Alien Bosses have a character and are giving comments during the bossfightThe game has a lot of different types of enemy spacecrafts and turrets to shoot"	""
"112"	"647634"	"Pure Farming 2018 - JCB Large Wheeled Loader 435S"	2018-04-10	NA	"Simulation"	"About This ContentEnhance your farming efficiency with the JCB Large Wheeled Loader 435S DLC and get access to this impressive and powerful machine.Once downloaded, one item of the new machine will be available in the in-game store for free. You can buy more with the in-game currency."	"Hello Farmers!We are happy to indroduce to You our newest update with the following changes: Added ability to hire three workers to perform the same job on one field. Fixed an issue with AI parking machines incorrectly after completing a task. Fixed an error with pig food production. Fixed an issue with the importer that prevented the driver model from being added. Added view of trade center interior. Fixed Deutz-Fahr 9340 TTV mirror reflections.See You on the Farm!,Please use this thread to share wishlists or general ideas of what you'd like us to add to the game in the future.We'll be listening closely and your suggestions will help us shape the future direction of the game.Cheers!,One of the combines has a straw dump option. Where do I \"dump\" the straw, please?,I had been playing FS19, so I've not played this in awhile. Decided to play it using the Beta build for Multi AI and I noticed in the Free Mode and the Campaign, there are hales bales scattered around at the shop North of the farm. Has anyone else seen th...,Hello Farmers!Hey guys, just letting you know that our big new update 1.4 is available now. This adds a major tweaks and fixes to gameplay, AI, visual presentation and overall game functionality and five new licensed machines - and they are HUGE!You can...,Mam wszystko na full a wygładzanie nie działa. jakieś pomysły ??? ,Hello Farmers!It's been more than 2 weeks since we introduced the BIG MACHINES Update and The Farm has changed. We would like to thank you for all your support and feedback and because we know that some of the features are very important for You we would like to invite You to participate in open beta!Feel free to opt into it and check how does MultiAI work.Now you can have up to 3 AI on one field!And remember - don't hesitate to give us feeback in the discussions!See You on the fields!"
"113"	"1058960"	"Lingua Fleur: Lily - Diary1"	2019-04-23	1.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentThe After Story of Lingua Fleur: Lily, telling the story of Yuyi and Yile living together, and of their college life.This DLC contains two chapters of the story, totaling about 10,000 words and a new CG. We are using our new -diary- system to express this after story.NOTE: This content is not voiced.  NOT supporting English (yet)."	"Hello everyone.DLC of Lingua Fleur: Lily 'Diary1' is on sale now. It contains about 10,000 words and adds a new CG. (more info.)Even it don't support English at first, we will make up later. Thanks for Sienna translation helping us to make English version!Another good news is, there is a volunteer connected us to talk about German version. So, the main story will support German in the future. We hope there are more people like this work. ːkoimusu2ː,,Posted: April 30Product received for freeReview with accompanying screenshots and video at Sinical Networkhttps://www.sinicalanimenetwork.com/single-post/2019/04/29/Lingua-Fleur-Lily---ReviewI recently got a key of this game for free from Narrator. Lingua Fleur: Lily is a kinetic slice of life visual novel with yuri themes by Narrator and STORIA.  This novel features two female university students Yuyi Wu （吴羽仪）and Yile Lin （林以乐）who attend the same courses in university together. Yuyi is extremely introverted and hardly got along with anyone throughout in her life and has always disliked sports. Yile is an energetic and optimistic girl who excels in volleyball, yet she is poor in her studies and fashion sense. Through their personality differences and matching strengths and weaknesses, Yuyi and Yile decide to learn from each other and know each other better.As a slice of life kinetic visual novel, it has an interesting storyline where it starts with the two main characters working out a deal to learn different things from each other. As the story develops and they get to know each other better, the characters will have different events occur in their lives where they will learn to appreciate each other better. The voice acting and background music by Oli Jan and Sorato help to highlight the various feelings both characters feel towards each other and on events in their lives. The game also has a variety of great and cute artwork in the sprites and CGs. I hope this game will qualify for Steam trading cards, normal profile features and expand on the game storyline in a patch update or DLC in future. One minor complaint I have is that one scene in the visual novel is showing a basketball hoop instead of a volleyball court or net in a volleyball game. After reading the free short comic that is available online in a recent announcement, I would have also liked to see the game expand more on the relationship between Yuyi and Sis tutor. The first DLC Diary1 continues with Yile and Yuyi's lives together in their new apartment as a comedy drama, and there is a reference to Narrator's earlier work Koi Musubi although it's only available in Chinese for now. After spending around 4 hours to read and listen to the storyline in the game, comic and DLC, Lingua Fleur: Lily is a cute and enjoyable slice of life visual novel with yuri themes that does not contain any fanservice among two girls in a modern Chinese setting. It has a decent open-ended ending for the additional storyline content that are planned to be released in future. At the same time, the ending in the game which may feel unfinished, together with the game's lack of trading cards or normal profile features at the time of this review means it's also fine to wait until more content is released or when the game is discounted further.Visual novel, JRPG, Anime Steam group - Join the group and consider following the group's curator list for more reviewshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/vnislife,Hello, everyoneThe English version has been update on 4/20.This time we fixed the problem about some roles's name didn't show English. Thanks for your feedbake. We'll keep make it better.In addition, the after story of Yuyi and Yile's life, will be DLC 'Diary1' and publish on 4/23. Even it don't support English at first, we will make up later.Thank you for subscribing to this work!,Hello everyone.That's talking about the plan of this work.The after story of Yuyi and Yile's life, will be DLC 'Diary1' and publish on 4/23.We have designed a new diary interface for after story, you can go to the DLC page to know more.Diary1 contains about 10,000 words and adds a new CG.Unfortunately, because we have not recovered the cost, so this chapter is without out voice......Even it do not support English at first, we will make up later.So, look forward to the story of Yuyi and Yile!And, thanks for your Comment, it make us know there are some players from West know our work.,如题，游戏开始界面按start会黑屏一下，然后退回到标题界面，重复几次也都是这样。,,製作組你好，OST發現＂Believe_Me(without Guitar) - Narrator＂這首，在1:28秒後有音樂跳針的音軌問題。,If you find any bugs in the game, please post them here (which includes any typos, etc. in the English version).Thank you for your support!"
"114"	"899840"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Fountains of Wayne - “Stacy’s Mom”"	2019-02-19	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Stacy’s Mom\" by Fountains of Wayne on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"115"	"518910"	"Stellaris: Leviathans Story Pack"	2016-10-20	9.99	"Strategy,Simulation,4X,Sci-fi,Space"	"About This ContentSpace is lovely, dark and deep, but it has secrets it wants to keep. Rich systems defended by fierce creatures, hostile pockets of resistance to your civilization, and the sleeping giants of the universe – the Fallen Empires who may yet be stirred from their centuries long indolence.In Stellaris: Leviathans Story Pack, the galaxy will be filled anew with adventure and challenge as your new and naïve space-faring empire comes face-to-face and ship-to-ship with a host of dangers and rewards.Main features:GUARDIANSPowerful space entities with mysterious origins and motives. Fight or investigate them to unlock technologies and gain access to great treasures.ENCLAVESIndependent outposts of traders and artists who are willing to make a deal. Exchange resources, purchase information about the galaxy, or commission a great work of art for your empire.WAR IN HEAVENWhere will your fledgling empire lie if two ancient Fallen Empires decide to renew old grievances in a War in Heaven?  Will you err on the side of caution and take a side with the stronger power, or will you strike at both whilst they are occupied with their own titanic struggle?"	"Hello everyone!As promised last week, we’re back to talk about something old that’s new – which, as many of you correctly guessed, is about new precursors. Adding new precursors has been something we’ve been wanting to do for quite a while now, and we’re very happy that we can now finally provide what’s been asked for.In the next DLC you will be able to explore the fate of two new precursors, namely the Baol and the Zroni. To not spoil too much, I’ll only give a basic description of their respective backgrounds and lore.The BaolThe Baol Organism was once a sprawling interstellar Hive Mind comprised of trillions of psychically-linked plantoids. With their ability to slowly terraform a planet's ecosystem and atmospheric gases via centuries of sustained photosynthetic processes, the Baol civilization produced a plethora of rich flora and fauna on otherwise unremarkable worlds. The Baol Organism curated lush planetary gardens and arboretums across many systems, forming mutualistic symbiotic relationships with local alien wildlife.The ZroniThe Zroni were possibly the most powerful psionics to have ever existed, or at least they were the first to discover the dimension which has come to be known as The Shroud. Once the Zroni population reached a certain critical mass it seems that their collective unconscious minds began to make contact with the proto-shroud in dreams, leading to mass lucid dreaming. Soon the phenomenon was studied and the Zroni discovered how to psionically project themselves into the Shroud, where they found that they could manipulate the very fabric of reality with their psionic powers. It wasn't long before the Zroni discovered they could physically enter the Shroud and live like Gods, transforming the dimension to suit their whims.Precursor changesOne of the more impactful changes we’ve made is that we have now made the precursor spawns randomized so that they will no longer spawn in a specific part of the galaxy.We have also added some more features and rewards to the old precursors. For example, after having found the Irassian home system, you can now spend minor artifacts to unravel some of the secrets of the Irassians. The new artifact actions aren’t the only new things though, and there’s some more cool things that you will be able to find.Additional precursor plansSome of you have been asking about archaeology and adapting some of the old precursor content to use the new system. In regards to that question I will say that it is something that I always planned to do, but due to other things taking priority we can’t promise that it will happen immediately. If those changes don’t make it into the next update, it's very likely they will appear in the next big update after that. Changing that content would of course still be a part of the base game.---To get involved in the discussions on this Dev Diary with our dev team directly, head over the official Stellaris forum thread here[forum.paradoxplaza.com].That is all we had to share for this week’s dev diary. Next week we’ll be back again, which also happens to be the 3 year anniversary for Stellaris :),I knew I was bad at this game, but I think I may have topped myself.It took me at least two decades to finally finish the special project to turn my Fanatical Purifier squidboys into beautiful squid robots, and will probably take another decade to roll ...,800 stars year 2500+ 7-15 fpsFastest speed is slower then SlowMy task manager is around 50%  for RAM, and CPUAny help, or tricks? ,Hello everyone!Today we’re back with yet another dev diary, which will build upon some of the things we revealed last week. Last week we outlined some information about Minor Relics, and how they can be useful. We didn’t mention specifically how they are usually found, but luckily that is something you’ll learn today!ArchaeologyIn the next DLC you will be able to experience some new content related to uncovering and excavating archaeological sites. Sites can be discovered in multiple ways, be it either on survey, generated at game start, or perhaps generated by an event.Sites that lie inside your borders can be excavated by a Scientist, and will consist of several different chapters. A site can have 1-6 chapters, in addition to an introduction/prologue. Each chapter will have its own narrative and a reward, and has to be unlocked before it becomes visible.Excavation in progress. Spoiler-blurred text.A chapter will be unlocked whenever the Scientist excavating the site gets a successful result at the end of an Excavation Phase – mechanically this works very similar to how sieges work in EU4. As the Scientist goes through phases, it will roll a dice and add modifiers to the result. The final result will then either do nothing, add clues, or make a breakthrough to the next chapter.Game mechanics details:Result  = dice roll + Archaeology Skill + Clues - DifficultyResult Outcomes:0-7: Status quo8-10: +1 clue11-13: +2 clues14+: BreakthroughChapter completed. Spoiler-blurred text.A neat feature of this new system is that you can click previous chapters to go back and read what happened.At the end of each Excavation Phase, it is also possible that the Scientist triggers a random event, which will inject some unpredictability and create opportunities for emergent storytelling.Everything is fine.Archaeology chapters commonly reward the player with minor artifacts – but it can also be resources, research points or other more unique rewards.Design intentionsArchaeology becomes a way for us to express narrative in a more evolving and controlled manner, and every site it also tied to a location on the map. All of these things together should make it more enjoyable to experience the content, since we hope it becomes easier to build a mental model of what is happening where. In general I believe that having narrative tied to things you can see on the map makes for a better experience. It’s not uncommon for me to forget where on the map a previous event occurred, and that is something I’d like to improve over time. I really like archaeology because it lands well between mechanics and narrative.------------We hope you could dig today’s dev diary, and next week we’ll be back with something old that is new.,PDXCON2019 is coming and we couldn’t be more excited to meet our community at the event - which takes place on October 18th - 20th, 2019. Tickets go on sale on May 7th, but we’ve got a secret to tell you…If you head over to the PDXCON 2019 website at https://pdxcon.paradoxplaza.com/ you can sign up to the mailing list. Anyone that signs up will be given 8 HOURS early access before the public availability of the tickets to buy before everyone else! Sign up now and keep your eyes on the news we’ll be sending out because tickets will sell out.,As title.Swear this is new: 50k citadels now get captured by roving 120k fleets instead of destroyed. So, that's just peachy. Checked their roster, nope, no armies or invasion forces just 100% combat vessels.The AI can nab your stations and get free 1...,hi guys how do u breed with other aliens cuz i wanna make some half alien half human people,Posted: May 2I don't write many reviews, but I feel like this one must be done.I LOVE Stellaris. I love Paradox. Stellaris has felt grand from day one and every DLC has added new cool things.That is untill 2.0 hit. This ruined the whole game for me. Basic mechanics have changed quite a lot and for the worse. There's a ton of micromanagement now.I really enjoyed the sector system before. Ok sure, maybe the AI wasn't very good at developing the sector planets but the system allowed you to stop micromanaging when you got too many planets to handle.Now, the sector system is completely ruined. I can't group systems as I please and have a specific focus on them. Even if I spent time, to setup sector focus and put in a governor who is aligned with that focus, if I lose one system in that sector, temporarily due to war, the sector is split and cannot be merged again.I really hate everything that came with 2.0 :(Can no longer recommend. It hurts.,Posted: April 28I cant find a way to like it anymore since the Planet overhaul which promised good change but did only the opposite.while gamebraking exploits are still in the game after month of comming back.the developers plan right now to create a dlc that makes it beyond boring.game went from an adventure space rts to a pop speed farming camping simulator with worse control and multiplied the management needed like 10 times while the helpful AI which can help you managing, is destroyed. they said they want to reduce the management for more interesting gameplay. its so boring, the events are so cheap, the spacebattle who could have safed it are so uninteresting that it is in fact just like browser clicker.im going back to 2.1. that was a super good time. i had so much fun in the past. it offered endless fun.today it feels like everything of it is wrong. i am getting bored out of my mind, no matter the playstyle.,I have a game that is in a mid game state, and just unlocked mega construction. Then I decided to add megacorp dlc into my game. However, the new stuff didn't show up. Is what I'm trying to do impossible? Or can I edit the save somehow to unlock it? Thank...,Posted: May 1Newer versions of Stellaris have sucked the enjoyment out of the game. I have several complaints with newer versions. They have removed the multiple forms of travel in favour of hyperlanes that can be guarded. I've read dev posts on the subject and have to say that I really don't agree with the logic. I quite liked that having different forms of stardrives changed the tactics. Yes I did go around destroying wormhole stations to prevent my enemies from retaliating.This game is now pretty much an exercise in waiting. Everything you do is constrained by Influence. This was the case in some ways previously, but I just can't fathom why I need influence to capture a planet. Influence in general is just a bad mechanic.Needing to build an outpost on every star system in order to claim it is just annoying. I've blocked all the access points, those star systems couldn't possibly be mine. When attacking a star base it doesn't just get destroyed it somehow become occupied, If you lose the planet in the system somehow the starbase vanishes as well.Hell I can't even build an outpost until it's been surveyed by a science ship. Which makes for pairs of science ships and construction ships slowly working their way outwards.Last but not least the move to districts. I appreciate that the tile system wasn't very flexible and didn't support the need to charge for DLC and add I guess corporations and trade, but the new system is less visual and very unclear as to how it's all hanging together and influencing revenue.All in all. Don't buy this game. It's very clearly been gutted to allow for DLC that will make $$$ for Paradox. What was once an amazing experience is unplayable now."
"116"	"462390"	"Aragami - Digital Artbook"	2016-10-04	2.99	"Adventure,Indie,Action"	"About This ContentAragami original concept art by Laura G. Sagol."	"Hi everyone.If you want to find a partner to play online, the easy way is to use the  Official Aragami Discord Server :  https://discord.gg/FBFsQGv If you can't or don't want to use Discord -> Just add your use...,I started to play Nightfall. For the most part it's a good game. However, the infuriating thing about the game is not being able to save each level you go through. So if you get killed you have to start over from the start of the game. That is a poor user...,Its really screwing with my OCD in the mausoleum the 2nd or 3rd checkpoint should be PAST the bars where the first shrine is not before it leaving 2-4 guards alive becuse I have yet to clear out the aera but the checkpoint is so loosely in that aera  that...,so i have a speed link controller for games i play ( i cant use a mouse and key board that well so thats why i use controller it usually works fine but for aragami all of a sudden lose complete controll over my charecter and it only happens whith my contr...,Posted: April 27A stealth game that forces teleportation as a main mechanic. Because bad ideas that mix horribly are the best. The cape was the second facepalm.,still not fixed?the solution links in older threads are all dead -.-maybe i didnt do the Level rightplease help2 screenshots of the Problemhttps://gamefact.eu/Screenshots-test/,Posted: April 30Idea is good but some times lilttle buggy. So far good game.,Posted: April 30Only wish you could cancel the kill animations, as you aren't invincible while executing them, meaning if a guard finds you while killing someone else you're dead. Still just a minor gripe overall had a great time with it, didn't hold my attention for more than one playthrough, but worth buying at it's current price or on sale."
"117"	"333320"	"Sneaky Sneaky - Official Soundtrack"	2014-11-13	3.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentThe official soundtrack for Sneaky Sneaky.1. Sneaky Sneaky2. Overworld3. Discreet Dungeon4. The Forest is Watching5. You've Been Spotted!6. Stealth Sands7. Epic Trailer"	"Many thanks to everyone who’s taken the time to buy and play Sneaky Sneaky on Steam!As a special thank you to everyone who bought early, we've upgraded the current version to the ‘Special Edition’, which will include the awesome soundtrack and a f...,Can I play the game with my Xbox 360 controller?Thank you. ,I just bought the game and I've tried it the first time by playing one or two levels. When I returned to menu I got the option \"continue\" but once I closed the game, each time, the only option I have is \"New Game\". Is that normal ? I don't know if this i...,I searched the whole map twice, but I couldn't find a location that allowed me to kill 3 enemy with a bomb explosion for this achievement. ,None of enemies \"walk\" randomly. ALL enemies always walk \"randomly\" to get close to me, EVEN if the didn't see me any time. They have a super sense that say \"go that way and stay moving 1 up, 1 down or 2 up, 2 down until the end of the world because... re...,Posted: April 28This was fun and cute quick stealth game with easy-to-learn mechanics."
"118"	"638550"	"The End o,,,o - Soundtrack"	2017-05-12	0.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentWith this DLC youget all the music from The End o,,,o in one mp3 file (2 minutes 24 seconds).support the developer of the free game.keep the game in your library when it's not installed."	"Hey,So the key fell down, and he wasnt able to pick it up? right?  but what was that purple thing on the ground? his house? aaaa,2017 and games have no checkpoints,WTF?,Can anyone tell me why this may be?"
"119"	"342804"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Spinal Tap - “Gimme Some Money”"	2015-03-31	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Gimme Some Money\" by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"120"	"248370"	"Bridge It +"	2013-11-18	6.99	"Simulation,Building,Physics,Puzzle,Indie"	"Reviews“Bridge It is so different to what you use[sic] to play that it’s a very refreshing indie game to play”5/5 – Bit Maiden“Bridge it Plus is a great simulator of what it takes to build a bridge; without the engineering ring.”8/10 – Greenlit Gaming,About This GameBridge It is about building a bridge that doesn't break, although watching your bridge creation break and plunge a train into the watery depths below can be half the fun.Set in the picturesque surroundings of sparse deserts and dense forests it is your task to strategically design and construct an engineering masterpiece. Watch in eager anticipation as unsuspecting motorists, heavy freight trains and tourist riverboats approach. Will your solution stand up to the test or will tons of mangled steel be sent plummeting into the river below?Features:38 challenging levels from novice to expertCars, trucks, trains to drive across your bridgesBoats to really test your draw bridgesBuild suspension bridges, draw bridges and more!Ability to save out and swap levels with friendsScoring system rewards clever design and cheap bridgesIntuitive editing tools allow you to build beautiful bridgesNarrated tutorial levelsEarthquakes to really put your bridges through their paces!"	"Posted: July 28, 2014What a little gem! This one has been sitting in my unplayed library for months, until a few days ago. Like many, I got it off of one of those cheap sim bundles. There are so many crap simulators flooding the market these days and I figured this one would easily fall into that category. I was wrong. It's actually quite good and alot of fun to play. A short 3 bridge tutorial gets you started on the basics. After that you're on your own.The object is simple. Build various length bridges to support cars, trucks, trains and drawbridges that can allow boats to pass underneath, all within limited budget and material constraints. There are several different bridge types and material types with different costs and construction methods. The game claims advanced physics simulation. I wouldn't know because I'm not a mechanical or civil engineer so alot of trial and error are needed on my part.When you're ready, you press the simulate button and watch how your bridge performs as people drive over it. If you did you're job right, you can move to the next level. Make a mistake and watch the disaster unfold in rather comical fashion. Stress analysis tools and a simulation speed slider help to pinpoint where the failures are occuring so you can beef up construction or use more expensive materials to try and stay together.A neat cinematic camera view and even driver camera makes things interesting, especially if you want to see what it's like tumbling into a ravine because your bridge is poorly built.Definitely recommend for sim fans and engineers.,Posted: December 15, 2013\"And down it goes\"Bridge building games doesn't look like something that would be that fun at first though. Stick up some pieces without breaking your budget, make sure it doesn't fall apart while a car crosses, and then continue to the next level. Despite this, there are games in the genre that are truly fun, this being one of them. Let me describe why this should be on your wishlist. StorySome crazed maniac has managed to destroy a number of bridges over the region, and now that they need new ones, they grabbed the first person off the street to create them. Despite your lack of experience and skill, you are forced to ensure that companies can still get their goods transported where ever they need to be without letting the drivers lose their lives. Or maybe this has no story at all. Its a bridge building game, we don't need a story. But if you do, just pretend it is the one written above. PresentationThe visuals are pretty basic, but you know exactly what you are looking at, and it has several camera options, including viewing from the vehicles themselves as they plunge over a cliff. Materials will be recognized, and will change colour to show how stressed they are with a toggle option. Sound is also suitable, with metal groaning as it threatens to ruin your hard work, and noises from the vehicles. Not any music in this game though. Not really a problem though. ControlsNice and simple, pretty much everything can be done with just the mouse. Left click will take you through the menu and place pieces of the bridge. Right click is used to remove pieces. Holding the shift key will allow you to select multiple pieces of your bridge so you can copy and paste larger chucks if you want the other side to mirror your current idea. Arrow keys and the mouse wheel can be used to adjust the camera. nothing here to cause any confusion or difficulty. GameplayWorking within the limitations set by your budget and available materials, you will be attempting to build a bridge to cross over various rivers and canyons. These will start simple, with only small areas to build across and only basic materials to make it easy to guess the best choices. As you get further in the game, the bridge will need to be much longer and you will need to mix it up with stronger pieces, cables and even hydraulics so your bridge can lift out of the way of passing boats. Later levels are incredibly difficult as it will seem that you just don't have what you need to prevent the latest travelers from taking a swim, but each of the bridges in the game can be finished. With all the available choices for building your bridge, I much prefer this game over similar titles I've played, none of them matching this for variety. LifespanThe game should last a while. With a tutorial with 3 levels, Easy difficulty with 6 levels, and then Medium, Hard, Complex and Extra each having 8 levels, you have a total of 41 gaps to cross. While there is no sandbox mode as such, there are a couple of cheats available to increase your budget and unlock all materials for that level. As well as all of the included levels, the game includes a menu option to load other levels within the game, though I'm not sure where you may be able to find these additional locations. If you have any interest in trying a bridge construction simulator, this is the game to go for. The most options for building your bridges as well as the ability to load custom levels makes this title the best choice. 8 / 10,Posted: November 25, 2013Don't let the word \"simulation\" fool you, this is a very clean, pretty, easy to master, yet very challenging puzzle game. I bought it on a whim and regret nothing.While the game may not be visually stunning or incredibly detailed in simulation, this streamlined design ends up working incredibly well for setting the stage for creative problem solving. There is no right or wrong way to complete a level. In fact, every level is open-ended, although it never feels like I'm at a loss for what to do due to a very good difficulty curve, yet at the same time increasingly challenging requirements. Levels are bite-sized, so the game could easily be enjoyed during a short break, and toward higher difficulties requirements and resources tend to vary more and more ensuring that there is no collapse to a single working design.This is not the most graphically gorgeous game, nor does it provide the most extensive simulation, but neither is really needed to properly exercise the brain in the regions other than the overstimulated run/aim/shoot reflexes. And should your destructive needs be overwhelming, there is nothing like collapsing an enormous steel and iron structure, watching the passenger train on top of it plummet to its doom.Well worth the sale price, runs on pretty much any computer, and is a great amount of fun.,Posted: February 21, 2014This game is about building bridges.  You get a set type of materials, from iron bars to steel bars.  Its not to complicated, and is pretty easy to get into bridge building.  The only thing that I had no idea about were suspension cables, but I went through all the maps without ever using it except in a tutorial.  This game would be better if after completing a map it let you go back to it with unlimited funds to build all kinds of crazy bridges.  Due to there being no unlimited mode there isnt much replay value.Things to remmember:*Unticking the autodeck lets you make roads that go up and down, road decks are the toughest material so feel free to use them as supports for the bridge.  *On some maps you can just let the bridge fall in the water if the deck is above water the vehicles wont fall in and you win!   Now your thinking with Bridgets!Rating 9/10  Value:  $9.99,Posted: January 21, 2014This game is initially quite interesting and fun to play. The easy mode is just that - easy. More like an extended tutorial really. Once you hit medium and hard the challange starts. Build a bridge with a limmited set of parts, on a budget. Have the bridge survive trains, or cars, or earthquakes. Some even have to open hydraulicly for steamboats to pass. Pretty cool to make a bridge on budget, and holds up the train, just to get torn down by the shipping. Where the game starts to fall short is that once played, there is no reset to start over once a bridge is built in a specific challenge, and there are only about 24 challenges in total. I played most in about 3 hours. Further, many of the hardest challenges are indeed not possible to complete as you are tasked to construct a bridge that does not connect to land on one or both sides, and the test vehicle, usually a train, just nose dives off the cliff and the simulation fails. I don't believe these were play tested in advance. Also, you can not build past the budget, and then reduce the design, once you are out of money, no further experiments can be made. Would be a really good $2 or $5 game, but for $19.99 I expected much more.,Posted: October 7, 2014A lovely bridge puzzle, with great graphics and physics. It will get a little repetitive, but will still bring more challenging levels. Great tutorial and level progress.Plus, it works with steam cloud to sync save.I just think it is a little overpriced.8/10,Posted: April 8, 2014My favorite bridge building game. It is the reason the other bridge building games on steam exist. and they all seem to copy some but not all of the ideas from this game. This game has hydraulics, break points, three different types of steel, 2 different types of suspension cable, it has earthquakes, boats that go under the bridge or through it if you make that kind of bridge, the physics are perfect. basically any feature in this game that you find in another came from this one, but this one still does it the best. Out of the three bridge building games that I have found so far on steam this one is the top. 1. bridge it plus 2. bridge constructor: an effective watered down version of bridge it plus that has lots of levels, plus I think it works on tablets. 3 bridge project: a piece of poop that just cant get anything right, seriously how did this get approved. Just buy bridge it. If you don't know if you like bridge building games get bridge constructor on sale to find out. just don't ever get bridge project.,Posted: January 17, 2014Game has been out for 2 months, and the developer refuses to fix driver related issues. Claims he can't be responsible for driver updates. Chronic Logic [Developer]: \"We can't try and change the game every time a new driver version is released\"Do not buy this game if you own a AMD video card as it will fail to launch and probably never will with the developer's mentality.,Posted: September 24, 2014Before getting into the actual review, I just want to say that this game is amazing! It's 10 years old (I think) but it still holds strong!Now the actual review.Bridge-it is a bridge building game with a really in-depth bridge editor I guess you could call... It has almost every material you normally see in bridges (no wood saddly) and more than enough levels! Pro-Great graphics for the time-Awesome physics-Fun and challenging gameplay-Great replay value-Let you unleash your creativityCons-May get a bit repetitive after awhile. -A bit buggy-A bit overpriced considering it's a pretty old gameOverall, this game is definively a buy! If you like building stuff, it's a must! You might want to wait for a sale though!,Posted: August 12, 2014Good game, I have a few bridge building games andthis is the best of the bunch. It makes you think of how can I make it strong enough and to do this where do the supports need to be placed."
"121"	"767310"	"Brutal Inventions"	2018-03-05	14.99	"Early Access,Strategy,Violent,Adventure,Action,Early Access,Gore,Indie,Survival,Sandbox,Crafting,Open World"	"About This GameBrutal Inventions is a game composed of several genres.SURVIVAL: You have to struggle with thirst and hunger. You can craft 243 different items with the help of an advanced crafting system and you can build a home even in a forest or a lakeside. Besides you can develop a village by crafting workers and 2 different kind of soldiers.ACTION RPG (Hack and Slash): Dress up your clothes, put on your sword and shield then go  to adventure to increase your level. You can increase your stats and become a powerfull warrior with special abilities by gaining skill points as in an RPG game.TOWER DEFENSE: Brutal Inventions can also be categorized as a 3D tower defense game. If you prefer to play the game in defense style, you have to increase the number of your soldiers and protect your castle. Because there are creatures which spawn daily and attack directly you, your soldiers and your buildings.ATMOSPHERE and FEELING: You will face through all seasons during gameplay. Sometimes you will have to fight hard in a thundery dark night and sometimes you will find peace by collecting delicious bananas or eggs of your chickens in a sunny summer morning.If you are seeking for an attractive, challenging, fascinating and exciting game, BRUTAL INVENTIONS is the right choice."	"Posted: March 7, 2018Early Access ReviewI am a sucker for open world survival games; so I thought I would give this a try.  Resourses to make the simplest of weapons are few and fae between. Your need for fresh water and inability to make a water skin limit your ability to explore.The AI enemy attack you very quickly and once they see you they will follow you until one of you dies ( they will never lose interest in chasing you). It is very hard to get a basic start in the game which makes this game an act of frustration.This game does have some interesting elements ( Creating workers and warriors ); but before you reach a point where you can use those elements you will have to endure lots of teeth grinding frustration. I really do hope the developers make this game more playable, I would love to enjoy it. However at it's current level of developement I can not recommend it. Come on guys fix it..... I really want to play. See the video   https://youtu.be/NFP9lw2U7lQ,Posted: March 5, 2018Early Access ReviewEarly Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: Brutal Inventions Version: InitialGameplay Footage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9m_KQqP0-UDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.I will say from the start: it is alright to use bought assets if they are eventually replaced with your own. The same goes with templates if they are adjusted, modified and replaced by your own work. What I do not tolerate, however, is a game sold at an outrageous price when it doesn’t have the value to back it up. I also understand the game is in early access (I only deal in said category). Now with that disclaimer out of the way, let us talk about the artificial difficulty. Brutal Inventions sets you on a large island with a bunch of roaming enemies (goblins and zombies) that will go out of their way to hunt you down. They will not stop until you are dead, then they will spawn camp you until you get lucky enough to spawn at a different location (where they will continue to hunt you down) or you decide to start a new game and hope that you manage to avoid them long enough to make a starting weapon (which is not strong enough to kill them). You can hope to hire a villager, but without brutal coins (dropped by the same enemies roaming for you), you are most likely dead. This makes it near impossible to craft the needed items to upgrade yourself or offer enough leeway to kill wildlife in the hopes of leveling up (to hopefully make a weapon strong enough to kill them). Outside of this, it is your generic survival game with food and thirst meters, crafting, resource gathering and upgrading. You can raise a village per say by “building” archers, warriors, and workers, but you can’t get to the point needed to collect the coins due to the above mentioned issue. Other issues include a missing options menu outside the Unity pre-launch options, getting stuck to the ground upon respawning (or spawn in with half health), and the way items are handled if they are being built when you die. (How do I start a new game with a wooden door?) It should also be noted that the only mode currently available is single player. For the problems present, I can’t recommend the game to anyone at the current price. Survival games are a dime in a dozen now with plenty entering early access in more content heavy states at two-thirds the price. There are cheaper, better options without the headaches that can pass the time while this game ages better in the cellar. Wait to see how it matures, for the price alone will be enough to throw caution to those looking deeper. This has been a EAW PSA.,Posted: June 27, 2018Early Access ReviewThe beginning of the game and the place where the character was born are full of malicious.The game is still in an unplayable stage and is not recommended for purchase.Missing game/screen settings interface.Lack of game beginner teaching.Lack of game guidance.The game scene lacks brightness....,Posted: July 15, 2018Early Access ReviewThis game has potential, except the crashing every few minutes or sooner. During the crashes any workers you have gotten seem to vanish. To further frustrate things you dont seem to drop items at death, the also just disappear.,Posted: September 13, 2018Early Access ReviewGame needs a lot of work.But I will check from time to time on future updates to see how it progresses.,Posted: February 1Early Access ReviewSeems to be a scam game, I really, really regret buying,Posted: March 25, 2018Early Access ReviewDefinitely not worth the price. Graphics are on par with \"Turok Dinosaur Hunter\" lol. Mostly everything in the game if not all are just copy paste Unity assets. Would'nt recommend it but i'm a sucker for early access survival♥♥♥♥♥♥so i'll give it a thumbs up cause it is ok.,Posted: May 29, 2018Early Access ReviewHow do I fix the crashing?"
"122"	"580700"	"A Normal Lost Phone - Official Soundtrack"	2017-01-26	2.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentOriginal Soundtrack from A Normal Lost Phone, featuring original compositions from: Alexandre Inglebert Antoine Grelet Cédric Menendez feat. Charlotte De Lilla Eduard Frolov EFG feat. Robyn Ardery Hector Bonte feat. Corinne Fenoglio Julien Karpi Mad Mathilde feat. Cassius Stöj Snak TAIKONAUTE Victoria Guillon Yllogique & Araignée Du Soir Yponomeutaneko TracklistingAirs - Yllogique & Araignée Du SoirBreath - Julien KarpiCan You Hear Me - Eduard Frolov EFG feat. Robyn ArderyThe Cocoon - YponomeutanekoFar Away - Cedric Menendez feat. Charlotte de LillaForgotten Phone - Stöj SnakL'Heurtoir - Antoine GreletIntroverted Division - Mad Mathilde feat. CassiusLet Them Kiss - Alexandre InglebertLoud Note Demos (Castle Scene, Credits, Nightmare Scene, School Scene, Storm Scene) - Victoria GuillonOne Last Song - TAIKONAUTETurquoise - Hector Bonte feat. Corinne FenoglioThe Soundtrack will be available in the following Steam Directory: …Steam\SteamApps\common\A Normal Lost Phone\"	"I thought I would discover an interesting plot with dark twists. Instead I got this pile of retardation that tries to promote the infamous \"LGBTQ\" illness that plagues hundreds of young minds.Game dev probably has probably experienced deep trauma and in...,Posted: April 29I 100% the game in just over an hour. The content is wonderful, even if it is hard in some parts. I wasn't expecting the ending to get me, but it did. If you're a trans person, you'll probably enjoy it, and you might even cry. If you have a love one that is trans, I would actually encourage you to play it. It's a great experience with a lot of material for learning for some people. <3,In the phone dates are displayed as ddmmyyyy but when you need to enter a date you enter it as mmdd. This is confusing and there isn't one person alive who does this in real life. Either you stick with ddmm or mmdd but not both.,I must admit, I am quite torn. I am aware of the 21st century norms connected to control over one's identity and information surrounding it, but at the same time, the thought of the parents worrying forever that something horrible happened to their \"son\" ...,The game is stuck on the loading screen. playing with amd graphics card & on windows 10,I get a splash screen \"Made with Unity [Personal Edition]\" and then it closes dead.  It makes no difference what resolution nor whether it's windowed or not.  I've done the most recent upgrades (\"apt-get update; apt-get upgrade\") so the OS and drivers are...,Posted: April 28A whole-hearted and genuine interactive storytelling game that blends story and mystery together in a creative backdrop that is very deeply loved. ,Posted: May 2A Normal Lost Phone has an interesting medium for a story. Expect a lot of reading and sleuthing for passwords. If you do not shy away from indie games, it could be explored in an evening."
"123"	"951662"	"Steep - X-Games DLC"	2018-11-06	9.99	"Sports,Action"	"About This ContentSteep teams up with the X Games to invite players to compete in the world famous and legendary winter sports freestyle competition !JOIN THE EXCITMENT OF THE X GAMES EXPERIENCEParticipate in the epic ski and snowboard freestyle competition :• Discover brand new ski and snowboard freestyle events (Superpipe, Slopestyle and Big Air) in Steep’s Alaska X Games village.• Unlock more X Games freestyle events after completing the main competition.BECOME A FREESTYLE ICONSteal the show as a Freestyle prodigy in the making :• Learn and master the skills to make it big at the X Games, boost out of the SuperPipe or hone your slopestyle prowess on multiple jump features and new grind moves.• Push your creativity and nail it in the most epic freestyle snowparks ever created in STEEP• Compete with other players to make it to the top of the leaderboard."	"We have recently updated the Live Seasons system to offer even more rewards. Every season will now last for 1 month instead of 3. This way, we’ll be able to drastically improve the opportunities you will have to get new and interesting rewards!We are committed to support your passion for Steep as much as ever. We are grateful for the love you are constantly showing for the game. It means everything for us and we want you to keep having amazing adventures in the mountains. We are proud to share this journey with all of you ❤️We have also improved each activity linked to the Seasons. Let’s take a look at what has changed.STEEP WORLD TOURThe Steep World Tour will keep having 3 phases, but each one of them will now run during weekends. In this way, it’ll be much simpler for you to take part and it’ll also help to achieve another important objective: making each phase more interesting.We really want you to feel a competitive vibe when playing the tournament; right from the start. For this reason, we have tweaked the difficulty of the qualifiers, to make them a bit more difficult. They were really too easy in the past.We have also worked on evolving the number of tries you will have in the 2nd and 3rd phases. The idea is to give you a reasonable amount of them to improve your score in the 2nd phase. A number you can aim to reach. It’s 200 now, down from 1000. You will also have more chances to realize your best performance during the Final with 20 tries now, up from 5.We’ll keep iterating on the number of tries and on the difficulty of the challenges. Don’t hesitate to share your feedback after having played the next Steep World Tour!UBISOFT CLUB WEEKLY CHALLENGESWe have introduced new weekly challenges and updated quite a lot of the old ones. Every Tuesday you will find 7 challenges and they will let you obtain part of the exclusive monthly set. Some pieces are going to be obtainable only during a specific week. Check in the game regularly to make sure you do not miss any reward!SEASON SPECIALSThese are special new challenges available for the full duration of each season (1 month), where you will be able to explore specific interesting areas of the game. Some of them will be very difficult while others more approachable. You will get Steep Credits by completing them.Some of you will also get to make one of these challenges! Every month we’ll have a Yeti Special realized by one of the Steep community leaders, members of our Yeti Society.SPECIAL EVENTSEvery month we’ll have at least one special event built around a specific theme. Sometimes it’ll be linked to a popular festivity, like Saint Patrick's Day[steep.ubisoft.com] while in other moments it’ll be more surprising.We don’t want to spoil the surprise already. We’ll regularly share more info about each event when they’ll go live, stay tuned on our channels[www.instagram.com] 👀Have fun in taking part in those activities and don’t forget to share your best Steep’s moments by using #SteepPhotoMode or #SteepGame!,some of the customization options like the victory yama jaket and a pair of goggles (the ones with a X over each eye) aren't available for me and have been removed from my character.did i miss something or is this a bug ?,Season 6: Carve the Curve, is the first season to get all the features of the new Monthly Season Format.You can find all the details about what is changing in this dedicated article[steepgame.com]. Play during May to obtain an exclusive Salomon gear set! Let’s take a look at what activities will be available during this month.WEEKLY CHALLENGES & SPECIAL EVENTSWe’ll have weekly Ubisoft Club Challenges linked to specific pieces of the Salomon set. Every Tuesday, check the in-game live page to see what will be available in the following 7 days. Some pieces are going to be obtainable only during a specific week.We’ll also keep having special events during May, like April Fool’s Day for last month. We’ll share more info when they’ll go live, stay tuned on our channels[www.instagram.com] ⚽TOURNAMENTA new Steep World Tour tournament focused on Ski/Snowboard challenges where you will need to score the max amount of points by doing tricks will run from May 10 to May 26. The event is divided in 3 phases as usual. You will be able to access them from the in game Live Page when they’ll be active.QUALIFIERS May 10-13REWARDS: Access to the next phase plus GLOVES, SCARF and 2,000 Steep Credits. You get those credits for each one of the 4 qualifiers you pass.NEW – Following up what we changed in April, every qualifier will now last for 1 day. The difficulty will remain on the same level as it was last month, but the time to qualify will be a bit more limited. The intent is to keep making the qualification phase more exciting and interesting.Beat one challenge to get access to the next phase, play all of them to get the maximum amount of Steep Credits!COMPETITION May 17-20REWARDS for the TOP 100: Access to the next phase plus JACKET, GOGGLES and 5,000 Steep Credits.The best 100 players will qualify for the Final.You have 200 Tries to improve your result and reach the TOP 100.FINAL: May 24 -26REWARDS: Salomon SNOWBOARD for the TOP 3 plus 50,000 Steep Credits for 1st place, 25,000 for 2nd and 12,500 for 3rd.You have 20 Tries to improve your result and reach the TOP 3.Have fun in taking part in those activities and don’t forget to share your best Steep’s moments by using #SteepPhotoMode or #SteepGame!,#SteepPhotoMode by Stephan_game_proyectMAINTENANCE TIME• Xbox One: 2pm – 4pm UTC• PS4: 3pm – 4pm UTC• PC: 3:30pm – 4pm UTCPATCH SIZE• Xbox One – 1132 MB• PS4 – 1003 MB• PC – 1200 MBNEW FEATURES• The Steep World Tour configuration has undergone several changes, the full details will be available in a dedicated article tomorrow.  • New Ubisoft Club Weekly challenges have been added to seasons. • New cosmetic items have been added to the shop. BUG FIXES & IMPROVEMENTSPvP Mode• Added 10 new multiplayer playlists with new challenges, 5 of which will be in Japan. These will be included in the playlists rotations over the coming weeks. • Fixed several minor issues linked to “Join in Progress” during matchmaking.  • Fixed a few minor issues with “Voting Starts” and “Voting Results” screens. • Players will no longer be stuck in the lobby under certain circumstances. General• Live Challenges have a new logo and are now called Season Specials. Six Season Specials (2 per massif) will be available all month, in addition to one Yeti Special. • Improved the location of the spawning point in Asia. • The share ride option will no longer remain active after trails memory is exceeded. • Community Challenge icons will no longer disappear under certain circumstances. ,Any solution?? i already try to delete save game, disable cloud save and overlay, re install the game and NOTHING.,Posted: April 27What's not to like about Steep?The game has amazing graphics, enjoyable mechanics, and on sale its dirt cheap!  If you are a youtuber looking for a game to record gameplay on, this is your game.  I played Steep for countless hours and rarely got bored.  This game is great to play alone but even better with friends.  I recommend Steep, because it a solid game that will keep you entertained for hours on end.The Olympic dlc is quite difficult, especially for a snowboarder such as myself, but in the dlc's case difficult is good.,Posted: May 1game doesn't work i try and it turns on for a couple of minutes then crashes,If i have music turned off. Why does the loading screens have the ambient so loud? it's super annouying,After today's update all my medals for challenges from the Rocket Wings and X-Games packs are gone. It still shows my correct high scores but the medal icons aren't showing in map view and they aren't counting towards map completion. Anyone else having th...,I dont know if the removed it, but today i started up the game, and my character did not have the cosmetics that i used to have on him, and i cannot find them in my inventory or at the store, does anyone know why this happened and how to fix it?,Posted: April 30Games a must have if you are into Snowboarding and Skiing games."
"124"	"298380"	"Reef Shot"	2012-11-21	8.99	"Adventure,Simulation,Indie,Casual,Underwater"	"About This GameExplore the Pacific as an underwater photographer and discover the mysteries of a sunken ancient city. Unwind in the depths of the ocean and submerge yourself in the atmospheric world and music.Originally published in 2012, Reef Shot finally arrives on Steam after getting upvoted on Greenlight. Thanks for all the votes!Reef Shot features:- mysterious atmosphere and story- a world inspired by Mayan culture to discover- lively underwater environments to explore- first person perspective gameplay- immersive, high quality soundtrack"	"Posted: March 11, 2018Product received for freeReef Shot (Photography Adventure)Game provided for Curator reviewOptions include separate sliders for Music, SFX and Voice, Resolution, Language and Controller Sensitivity (if applicable).  Partial controller support - only responds when you are on your dives.  Save Photos is OFF by default, but I can't find where those photos might be stored, so it didn't really matter.  No saving during chapters.  You'll have to complete the chapter you're on to save your progress.This is a flawed title, which I enjoyed to a point.There is a short tutorial telling you the basics of the game, and a lot of hand-holding.  This isn't an exploration game where you can take your time and look at everything, as you have defined tasks that have to be completed before you run out of air.  You CAN get more air, but you'll have to \"buy\" it, and if your don't have enough stars to purchase it (I'll come back to this,) it's level-over and you'll have to restart that section from the beginning.The Basics:On your dives you will be tasked with taking photographs of different kinds of sea life, as well as artifacts that you come across along the way.  You can see the items/fish that you need to take pics of at the bottom right of the screen.  Later on you'll see some stars under each pic representing the photo quality required in order to pass the task.Movement is slow, but you CAN swim more quickly by holding down a button.  I'm not sure which button for the keyboard, but on the controller, you have to push down on the directional stick - a bit unwieldy with the other things you have to do, but at least the option is there!The story is thready and unrealistic, but good enough that I wanted to keep playing.How to earn stars:Stars are earned by taking photographs.  The better the quality of your photos, the more stars you'll earn.  To get the best quality photos on fish, the motion-sensor has to be at three bars, AND it has to be in focus.  This isn't that bad in the beginning, but as you get better-quality cameras, it becomes increasingly difficult.  At my last upgrade, there was a swiftly-changing focus meter that I had to monitor, along with the motion sensor and moving with the fish, and in the end, it became well-nigh impossible for me to complete the shots with high enough quality for the game to accept them, and then there's the problem of running out of film...For the archeological finds (still pictures), there is no motion sensor to tell you the quality of your shots.  Even worse was the chapter where I had to take 3-star quality pics of something, but there were at least twelve of those things present, and no indication of which ones I should be taking the pics of! :gah:   They were gravestones  It only got worse from there, as sometimes the shots don't count unless you take them at the right angle.Spending stars:There are quite a few things that you can spend your stars on that will make the game easier, but you have to EARN them first.Extra photosRefill air tankFind artifactFind fishAuto-focusUnlock bonus tasks (not required to finish the chapter)What would make the game better:Ability to turn off HUD for screenshot-takingCasual mode (no air or film restrictions)Ability to PAUSE the game. As it stands, you can bring up the menu, but it doesn't pause... You'll still run out of air.Achievements:There are 17 Achievements, but you MUST complete the bonus tasks in order to get them all.I will give this game a passing grade because I enjoyed what I was able to play of it, but my frustration with the latter levels definitely colors my overall feelings about the game.  If the devs address the issues with the game, I will happily give it a stronger recommendation, but for now, it's a \"proceed with caution.\",Posted: February 24, 2018Product received for freeThis review is created for ReviewExperts and IndiePromoI received this game for free, however, my review is unbiased.Skip to the bottom for my Final ThoughtsReef Shot is an underwater photography/exploration game recently re-released on Steam (initially released in 2012). Reef Shot is a combination of games like Pokemon Snap and ABZU, however, has aged horribly.GraphicsLike I just mentioned, Reef Shot was initially released in 2012 so don't expect new looking graphics. That being said, the graphics are still just mediocre for its time. Although you obviously can't expect AAA graphics for an indie game, the graphics are below average and overall look boring. The environment is composed of mostly the same textures spread out over a weird looking underwater terrain with lots of jagged edges. Due to the overall lack of different textures throughout the whole game, the visuals become very repetitive and thus boring. My biggest complaint about the visuals in Reef Shot is the camera movement. I had to close the game after an hour to rest my eyes because the game was giving me motion sickness due to the awful camera movement. It might not be the same for everyone (perhaps it's just my monitor?) but personally, it made the game very hard to play.Audio & SoundtrackThe music in Reef Shot is surprisingly well done. It fits the casual theme of the game and is quite relaxing. The music is similar to hotel lobby music but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. At times I found the music to be quite cheesy but for the most part, it was nice to listen to. The voice acting is... decent to say the least. Rénee, the voice you hear the most, is pretty well done with a few weird lines of dialogue here and there. The narrator at the beginning and end of the game, however, is horrendously done and had me cringing the entire way through. GameplayLike I mentioned in my introductory paragraph, Reef Shot is an underwater photography walking game/simulator similar to what you would get if you somehow combined Pokemon Snap and ABZU. You spend the entirety of the game underwater, swimming at a mind-boggling slow rate (which was infuriating) taking pictures of the fauna and artifacts you come across. To be honest, taking pictures of the wildlife at the beginning of the game was alright, didn't feel out of place and helped me get used to the photography mechanic of the game. However, the story flow was constantly interrupted by forced fish photography that was necessary to progress in the story which seriously hindered the overall smoothness of the gameplay.Reef Shot is also horribly optimized. Despite being released 6 years ago, my computer actually struggled in some levels while absolutely demolishing in others. While I don't have a supercomputer like some might have, I have a pretty decent rig and I can run most AAA games at 60 FPS+. In some levels I was getting over 300 FPS, however, on some other levels, I was getting a nearly unplayable 20-40 FPS. The lack of a real options menu was also a detriment to my overall perception of the game because I was unable to play around with the settings to try to fix the horrendous FPS I got on some maps.StorylineYou play as Scott, an underwater diver/photographer who works alongside Rénee and Professor Hernandez in finding the lost city of El Dorado (which just so happens to be underwater, perhaps they mixed it up with Atlantis?). You start off in a regular expedition capturing photos of fish however you quickly discover clues that eventually lead you to the lost Mayan city of El Dorado with Rénee awkwardly translating Mayan glyphs you come across. The story is a nice addition to the game, and because the game is a walking simulator, gives you something to think about while you're swimming in the open ocean and through caves. I completed the game in around 2 hours with another 30 minutes of revisiting a level.Final ThoughtsReef Shot is one of those games that I would give an \"In the Middle\" option if it existed. Overall Reef Shot is a mediocre walking simulator but has aged horribly. The game's horrible camera movement gave me motion sickness after an hour of gameplay, forcing me to take a break before continuing on to be the game in about 2 hours. If you wish to purchase Reef Shot then I highly suggest you wait for a sale.Rating:Graphics: 6.0/10Audio: 7.5/10Gameplay: 7.0/10Storyline: 7.5/10Overall: 7.0/10Enjoy the review? Please check out ReviewExperts and IndiePromoDevelopers can mail us at contact@dnbmedia.co for any requests!,Posted: December 15, 2017Here lies a game that could be good with enough time put into it. As it stands, it is an average escape into a world within our grasp with all the enthusiasm of a school-sponsored field trip. Nice enough in its presentation, it could use much more work in terms of world-building and character development, if not giving a reason for the viewer to care about anything that happens at all. Reef Shot is a nice shot, yet blurry from age and a lack of development. Only those with a background in scientific fanaticism, and a penchant for a more story-driven video game experience, should be willing to take that initial dive.+ Good visual appeal+ Almost corny enough to be charming+ Effectively immersive soundtrack- No reason to care outside of innate curiosity- Areas become repetitive quickly- RenéeRead the full review at https://www.keengamer.com/article/17567_reef-shot-review,Posted: January 30, 2018~~~ 5 / 10 ~~~ 6DOF walking sim.dated. simple. will run on a modern microwave or toaster.fairly good alternative to, say, GTA V, for an adolescent.,Posted: April 8, 2018RECOMMENDATION: YESDiving game for OCD Photographers. Discover different fishes and artifacts, unravel a mystery...There is a survival aspect to this as well, you need oxygen to survive, which you can buy with the stars you earn by photographing items which are quested. Has some extra approaches which makes the game interesting, BUT I recommend not playing this game longer then 1 or 2 hours per day, because... Well... It gets boring very fast if you do spend too long hours on it.,Posted: August 1, 2018This is just not a good game. The environments are very sparse and poorly designed. There's only a few plants here and there, with just a lot of featureless grey rock everywhere else. Barely any sea life. In fact the only fish you'll see are the ones that were specifically put there for you to take a picture of. Swim off the path and you'll see just...nothing.  Completely linear. The waypoints guide you from one place to the next and there's nowhere else to go and nothing else to do. Even worse is the \"manual focus\" mechanic introduced later in the game that requires you to perform a quicktime action every single time you want to take a picture. Oh and it's only 1:30 hours long.Do yourself a favor. If you're interested in these types of games go play Everblue 1 & 2 on the PS2, or the Endless Ocean games on the Wii. Those are the games this game tries and fails to copy.,Posted: July 1, 2018I paid $2.24 for Reef Shot. That might have been a fair price.I had a small idea what I was getting into - some kind of mashup of Afrika on PS3 and the Endless Ocean series on Wii with far lower production values. Unfortuntely, Reef Shot eschews the laid back, kinda open world, collectathon-with-light-story format of those games and strives for something more like a mobile device find-the-things-in-the-picture idea.It's unfortunate, and, by the fourth level, it's just annoying and not worth pursuing. It's irritating enough to search for the photography targets as they are drip-fed to you, unable to approach the dive how you would prefer. But then the game feels the need to pile on immersion-breaking rhythm game timing challenges as well as weird, exceedingly gamified resource limitations. Who, in this day and age, can't fit more than 35 shots on a digial camera? Why am I buying additional oxygen, autofocus uses, and film (!?) with in-game currency while still underwater? It's so dumb that it boggles the mind.I wasn't expecting a hardcore simulation here, but the game's internal logic is so bizarre that it's distracting, and the emphasis on twitch gameplay and resource management over exploration and enjoyment is a crazy choice, given the way the game is framed and themed.Reef Shot very much suffers from its own mechanics, as well as unfavorable comparisons to Subnautica and Abzu, which far exceed its depiction of underwater life in both higher and lower fidelity presentations.,Posted: April 26good"
"125"	"783660"	"Robotpencil Presents: Blender to Concept: Sculpting and Paintover"	2018-01-17	2.99	"Design & Illustration,Tutorial"	"Steam VideoThis content is only available in an online streaming format. More information about streaming videos can be found in the Streaming Videos on Steam FAQ.,About This SeriesThis tutorial is about how to use blender to create creature designs and then paintover in Photoshop. This includes 110+ minutes of video and the PSD files."	""
"126"	"876430"	"Fantasy Grounds - Saints & Heroes, Volume 1 (Token Pack)"	2018-06-06	8.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Fantasy,Software,Utilities"	"About This ContentSaints & Heroes, Volume 1Time to save the day! If you need to add some do-gooders to your game, then look no further! Monster Grin's 176 new, unique Saints & Heroes tokens are composed of good-guys, heroes, heroines, and champions from every genre, time, or setting. These full color, B&W, greyscale, full body and portrait style tokens, all of which are usable as PCs, NPCs, mooks, monsters, or bosses are everything from sci-fi space heroes to cyberpunk trolls, to fantasy elven battle mages, to masked lady fencers, and much, much more!Utilize Monster Grin's Token Halo System to create different types of teams (red, gold, green, silver or blue), or even different levels of the same kind of creature (i.e. boss, high, medium, or low level) to help keep track of what's what and who's who and with Monster Grin's new Altered States tokens, you can get maximum value from each and every token in this pack!This token pack includes (ringed in black, blue, gold, green, greyscale, and silver, as well as ethereal, invisible, stone-skinned, sand-skinned, and altered state versions):Female Half-elf with Mask, Fan, and RapierFemale Human with Mace of Shadows, Rings, and CloakFemale Human with Blowgun, Sword, Dagger, and ArmorMale Elf Battle Mage with Sword and Golden ArmorMale Human Paladin/Cleric with Golden Armor, Warhammer and CloakMale Human Blademaster with Daggers, Swords, and Leather ArmorMale Space Troll with Blaster, Rifle, and HornsRobotic Power Armor with Blasters and Boot RocketsConverted by:  James HollowayReleased on May 31, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.5 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"127"	"637720"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Airbourne Song Pack"	2017-08-22	7.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Blonde, Bad and Beautiful\", “Runnin’ Wild”, and \"Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast\" by Airbourne on any electric guitar or bass. Each song includes a new authentic tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"128"	"710740"	"Sniper Rust VR"	2018-06-19	9.99	"Action,Gore,Violent,VR"	"About This GameCrush Enemies with your Sniping Skills in the Immersive Sharpshooter : Sniper Rust VR!Toughen Up! Become an Elite Sniper and Embark on a Dangerous Mission Against a Global Insurgency in this hair-raising, breath taking Virtual Reality First-Person Sniping Experience where any shot could be your last!Mission DetailsThe players have spoken! We’ve heard your feedback, and updated Sniper Rust VR with some of the most popular requests. Get back in the action with:  Cutting-Edge Weaponry - Stalk your prey with a plethora of lethal firearms, locked and loaded with special functions suited for specific occasions. Available weapons include real-world guns like the DSR-50 and SVD sniper rifle, as well as the MaC-7, which was inspired by the CheyTac M200, and the Scout Rifle-inspired DG-5000. Death-Dealing Enemy Troops and Vehicular Combatants - Diverse enemy classes make every playable mission a challenge: be wary of well-concealed snipers, air/group assaults and traps behind enemy lines. Immersive Virtual Reality Experience - With numerous uniquely designed environments to explore — including ports, forests, mountains, deserts and even ancient temples — you’ll feel like you’re truly part of Sniper Rust VR’s virtual world! Although with multiple, varied objectives to complete on your adventure, there’ll hardly be time to take in the sights. A new bonus level – ready for a new challenge? New enemies lay in wait – and so does a new firearm for you to dispatch them with. New cover mechanics – catch your breath and stay out of sight by ducking behind crates, barrels, and pallets. When the bullets stop, you go. Gun recoil – every shot counts. Feel the power of your firearm each time you pull the trigger. Updated graphics – see the environment come to life with a graphical overhaul and more realistic lighting and shadows. Achievements – get recognized for your excellence with 10 new player achievements, and get rewarded with killer customization options: 2 new skins for each gun & 2 new gloves. Action-Packed Soundtrack - Intense orchestral sounds composed by John Leonard French are the perfect accompaniment for the game’s thrilling, edge-of-your-seat action sequences.Sniper Rust VR is now available for HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, and Steam headsets. Get your gear and get in the game!,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This Game may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"Posted: February 7Wow, just wow. ok so its like a bad early access game, but this is the full release! its chocked full of bug. one of which is when it thinks you're short so you cant look over you \"cover\". speaking of, enemies can shoot through you cover, WTF!at first it looked good in the training area when you're getting used to firing, but after that it's all downhill.,Posted: January 11Product received for free1st Impressions Video with Commentary // Oculus Rift + Touch // GTX 1060 (6GB):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKRmU5Of8HwMy Thoughts:What started out to be a charming game with great physics and weapon selection, soon crumbles into a looping disaster.The game has issues and I could not even get past mission 3 without the game resetting. (See my Video)I cannot recommend this game in it's current state.,Posted: January 5Product received for freeNot recommended. Game feels unfinished and clunky.,Posted: January 12Product received for freeit still has a little bit of polishing but then again I guess every VR game does"
"129"	"258678"	"Train Simulator: Bulleid Q1 Class Loco Add-On"	2014-07-03	19.99	"Simulation"	"Pro RangeThe Pro Range is aimed toward the serious train simulation enthusiast looking for a complex machine to master. Each product is designed to provide education and entertainment for users.  Xbox controller and HUD interface support do not come as standard and users will need to read the accompanying documentation to fully understand the operation of this advanced simulation.,About This ContentThe ‘ugly duckling’ of Southern steam is now here for Train Simulator, brought to you by Victory Works.World War II halted production of steam locomotives in the UK, but a large increase in goods traffic across the country forced a shortage of suitable motive power for the Southern Railway. The dated Q Class was seen as an obvious, but the SR’s Chief Mechanical Engineer, Oliver Bulleid, decided a new class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives was a much better replacement, using minimal resources due to wartime austerity and to reduce weight.Built by SR’s Brighton and Ashford Works, the Q1 Class’ unique design saw it labelled with some less than favourable nicknames, however its lightweight construction meant it could operate across the majority of the Southern network, and it was even used occasionally on passenger services. The Q1 Class adequately met the Southern Railway’s wartime requirements and many of the Class continued into the post-war BR era, working over the Southern Region until the end of steam in the mid-1960s.All but one of the Class were scrapped; the first locomotive built in the Class was preserved and ran until 2004 at the Bluebell Railway in West Sussex. It can now be seen on static display at the National Railway Museum in York, England.The Bulleid Q1 Class for Train Simulator is available in Southern and BR liveries, with pre- and post-1956 BR logos. Extensive detailing of the model includes three driving modes, dynamic numbering  including optional fittings for all members of the class, multiple cab views, fully modelled and animated Stephenson’s Gear, realistic wheel slip physic and effects, cylinder cock management, realistic injector control, fully controllable steam sander, working tender controls and dynamic head disc/lamp settings.Also included are a selection of World War II era wagons, including SR single conflats with containers, SR double conflats with loads including Spitfire fuselage, gun barrels, tree trunks and planks, Howitzer Railgun and SR Warwell with Cromwell tank.The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Bulleid Q1 Class on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Somerset & Dorset Joint Railway route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosSix scenarios for the Somerset & Dorset Joint Railway route with a World War II era theme:A Proper CharlieDanger from AboveSetting Things StraightCoal in the Coffee PotThe Ugly DucklingBulleid SunsetMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesBulleid Q1 Class in Southern and BR liveries, with pre- and post-1956 BR logosThree driving modesDynamic numbering including optional fittings for all members of the classMultiple cab viewsFully Modelled and Animated Stephenson’s GearRealistic wheel slip physic and effectsCylinder cock managementRealistic injector controlFully controllable steam sanderWorking tender controlsDynamic head disc/lamp settings.Quick Drive compatibleScenarios for the Somerset & Dorset Joint Railway routeDownload size: 654mb"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"130"	"940980"	"Phantasmat: The Dread of Oakville Collector's Edition"	2018-10-12	9.99	"Adventure,Casual,Hidden Object"	"About This GameBig Fish Editor's Choice! This title was chosen for its high standard of quality and amazingly positive reviews from our Game Club beta testers.It's the end of the world... at least in Oakville. Find out what's really happening in a town where everyone seems to be missing, and a strange mystic is warning citizens of the coming apocalypse. As fans of the Phantasmat series know, it's hard to tell who's really dead and who's really alive in this world. The eerie continuation comes from Eipix, makers of the popular Final Cut and Myths of the World games! Play a new variety of puzzles and hidden-object games, including interactive morphing scenes, silhouettes, and multiple zoom HOPs. See what our Beta testers had to say:“What an excellent installment to the Phantasmat series. Everything I have come to expect from Eipix games was there. I love these guys!”  - Cora, Beta Tester“Eipix never lets us down. This new addition to the Phantasmat series is deliciously creepy - can't wait for the release :)”  - Selma, Beta TesterThis is a special Collector's Edition release full of exclusive extras you won't find in the standard version. The Collector's Edition includes:Fight the Dread of Oakville again in the Bonus Chapter!Discover deviously-hidden CollectiblesConsult the helpful Strategy Guide.Enjoy additional Photos, Videos, Music, and more!Replay HOPs and Mini-games.This is a Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game, meaning a specific genre of story-driven, point & click adventures. Throughout the game, players are tasked to find a list of objects hidden within a particular scene, and to occasionally complete various mini-games/puzzles."	""
"131"	"281780"	"Super Motherload Soundtrack"	2013-11-15	4.99	"RPG,Indie,Casual,Adventure"	"Reviews“The retro-inspired music is catchy as hell, and one of the best I’ve listened to since Hotline Miami.”80 – Gaming Trend“The sci-fi ’80s vibe is delightful and the perfect setting for this ridiculously addicting game. I find myself coming back to it at the end of every day, ready for a new adventure underground.”8 / 10 – Destructoid“Much like the comic strip I honestly can’t describe why this game is so fun. Gabe and I played it for hours last weekend and had a great time. It’s got some puzzle elements that you can choose to engage with if you want to but you can also just dig. It’s a very relaxing game and you can lose a couple hours to it wasy without even noticing.”- – Tycho, Penny Arcade,About This ContentThe Super Motherload OST is an electronic score inspired by Edmonton-based producer Eric Cheng's favourite sci-fi/horror themes and synth-pop hooks."	"When digger's hull reach zero and respawn, is there penalty? If I start new game with same character, will money and upgrade carry over?,This is not a indie title. They've been around for years. They've made famous games like castle seige with the godlike hand. They've developed games I believe with homestarrunner, and several other games. They are not a indie company just a very small one...,how does this game differ from motherload ?  looking for games similar to motherload; thanks,How do you access the original motherload that is advertised as being packaged in with this game? I am not seeing it when I bring up the launcher or in the in-game menus,Any chance that this game will be on Linux?"
"132"	"1067370"	"Achievement Machine: Cubic Chaos"	NA	NA	"Indie,Casual"	"About This GameSpace... It hides many mysteries and secrets. And this huge multi-universe is home to an incredibly unusual world with cubes that are floating, moving and colliding in the unknown cosmic space. Some of them are ordinary cubes, but there are also unique ones which have obtained unusual qualities under the dark matter influence. You can earn achievements for unique cubes.Not all cubes are safe, they can hide subspace holes leading to the new worlds with their own laws and rules that have unimaginable powers. One subspace hole can take you to another one, and so on, according to the principle of the turducken. So, try not to get lost.Game features:Lots of locations;Several subspace levels;Collections;Many tasks and missions.Go through all the space locations from Planetary to Digital level. Find the Secret location and solve the cubic world mystery."	""
"133"	"498811"	"Rescue Lucy - House Escape DLC #2"	2016-07-20	NA	"Adventure,Indie,Casual,Survival,Hidden Object,Choose Your Own Adventure,Choices Matter,Supernatural,Horror,2D,Atmospheric,Singleplayer,Stylized,Dark,Action-Adventure,Point & Click,Psychological Horror,Lore-Rich,Anime"	"About This ContentRescue Lucy - House Escape DLC #2Puzzles and mysteries await you on your continuing adventure through the dread filled house of horrors.The house is filled with monsters and puzzles to tax your brain and nerve.Along the way you will have to collect useful items and combine them with other objects in your inventory, to helpyou progress deeper into the bowels of the house.Find keys to unlock doors to mysterious rooms, in the maze-like house full of haunting memories.Amazing graphics and sound pull you into the atmospheric adventure.Dare you adventure deeper to unlock more mysteries?"	"I would suggest to the devs of this game that they get a better translator. Or at the very least, a good English proofreader to look over their translations. (I have very reasonable rates, btw.) A little girl would be out with \"her\" dog. \"His\" is the male...,Your second \"trailer\" of this game is literally the complete walkthrough,done in 7 minutes.Is this a joke or something?,Disappointed that the achievements are missing. :/,I can't figure out what to do to proceed once I've freed the hottie from the cage and given her some bread in the dlc 2 - can anyone help please?!,Hi! I finished Rescue Lucy and am trying to install the DLCs. They have been added to my library but won't istall. I've tried all the normal fixes - restarting steam, verifying the file cashe and tick/reticking the install boxes. I can install other DLCs...,Posted: May 4This game was not intuitive. It gave you no indication that an object was usable and there were no hints. I liked the idea that you had timed interactions but it didn't make up for the boring gameplay. I finished it in less and thirty minutes and feel like I wasted my money."
"134"	"369380"	"Knight & Damsel Soundtrack - Maggie McLean"	2015-08-20	3.99	"Action,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentOriginal music composed by Maggie McLean for the game Knight & Damsel by MK-ULTRA Games. Includes nine tracks:1. Knight & Damsel2. Dire Dungeon3. Dire Dungeon - Lockup Liberation!4. Malignant Mountain5. Malignant Mountain - Deepfreeze Deliverance!6. Fantasmal Forest 7. Fantasmal Forest - Spooky Save! 8. Pastoral Plains9. Pastoral Plains - Hay Bail!"	"It says \"Multiplayer\" and \"Local Coop\" in the store page.First, it's not \"co-op\" if I got it right.Second, no Single Player or Online Multiplayer? I'm surprised that such games are even launched today.,This game kind of reminds me of the Genesis game Dashing Desperados though this one game has the players running to each other insted of to a goal a the end.Also, is it just mw or does the bottom player have a bit of a disadvantage? having to go right t...,This is one of those games i will allow my cousin to play. There are very few games on steam i let him play, but this looks like one i may pickup just for him. Not only that, but playing multiplayer with others maybe enjoyable to him. I will watch this ga...,Where are they?,Hello dear developers,Please take 20 minutes of your valuable time to set up prices in the new currency regions Your game literally cannot be bought for 25% of Steam's userbase:Lack of prices  Devs please read    , it looks like a good game and i..."
"135"	"639680"	"Motorsport Manager - Challenge Pack"	2017-08-21	7.99	"Strategy,Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentIt’s time to return to the podium. Strap in and enjoy 12 thrilling new gameplay challenges inspired by events and ideas from the history of motorsport. Each of the exhilarating challenges in this pack will test your ability to adapt and succeed under pressure.  Try to win races in a season where unusual, but exciting rules like race track sprinklers and reverse grids have been introduced. Or strive to bring your team back from the brink in a season marred by the loss of your vital parts design centre. Rookie, Pro and All-Star challenges, each escalating in difficulty, ensure that you'll need to bring your A-game to succeed, even if you’re a seasoned Motorsport Manager player. With each successfully completed challenge, you'll also earn a new reward in-game.An example of three of the challenges you’ll encounter in the Challenge Pack:Sprinkler SavvyThis season’s controversial introduction of race sprinklers has taken most of the teams by surprise. Often a back-of-the-table team, an adaptable driver and a respectable pit crew has meant that Dragon Race Team have lucked into first place on the Team’s Championship. With one race left, Dragon only need to get a podium position to solidify the standings and win their first ever Team Championship title. Up in FlamesThe 2016 season has taken a horrific turn for the worst at Scuderia Rossini. During the tenth race, their star driver Wexler was involved in a serious crash and sustained dozens of life threatening burns! He’s in the infirmary for the next few races: can Rossini get everything ready for his triumphant return?From the AshesThings were looking great for Windsor Racing this year: a good car, excellent support staff and some of the best drivers in the series. That was until, after just four races into the season, their design centre burnt down. Now, unable to build any new car parts for the season, Windsor need to try and win the championship."	"Just wondering,So, I have a few series where there are batteries involved. Endurance and GT both have a 100kw battery however...For the Endurance I can charge the battery to full in about 8-9 laps. GT it takes 19 laps to fully charge the battery. I can run a full lap...,Stamina? Why is my pit crew not recharging in between races? They're currently being auto-managed by one of my mechanics ( 14 concentration 18 pit stops ) but they just worsen every race?,Posted: May 5Recommended, but not at full price.The game has a very nice look and feel, and gives a good general impression of being a boss of a motorsport team. Although it has no license from real racing formulas, it supports mods and there are many mods with realistic teams, drivers and sponsors available. Unfortunately, there are flaws too, some of which could be easily avoided.Pros (please note that some of them are a matter of my personal taste):+ nice graphics+ good complexity level+ “just right” reality level+ good “RPG” mechanics for drivers and engineers (although not for the pit-stop crew)+ nice options to expand the headquartersCons:- when the training ends, you have no option to review your drivers’ remarks again nor to save the car settings,- poor management options for the list of saved car settings, no sorting by a column or by driver, no search option,- the post-race interviews are very repetitive and sketchy, also the effect of some answers on your team is not clear,- the pit-stop crew management is horrible, there is no quick reference to the current length of the mechanic contract; also, why the mechanics do not recover between the races?- the post-race press comments are sometimes inadequate and not related to the actual events during the race,- the chief engineer comments are also inadequate sometimes; I received “not good” comments several times after races in which both my drivers finished on the podium.,Yush, i just wondering & meaby noticed then, there is no more content or updates in coming in the game anymore. I just wondering & ask this because of modding reason. I can start & like modding game then when game have final version that update not brok...,Hey everyone!It would be useful to compile a list of known issues that you may come across during your time in MotorsportManager. We can help PLAYSPORT GAMES we can to get these sorted out as soon as possible if they have a list!If you come across a...,Posted: April 29I have over 300 hours clocked up playing this game. I have found it to be very addictive and enjoyable. The only issue I have with the game is that it seems to have been rushed out. Sometimes I wonder if developers play their own games. Many times during the game they will refer to a male driver as her instead of he. News articles and supporters comments always seem to be the same and just randomised which become boring the longer you play. When you have your own team, it is so hard to get any drivers, or staff, to contract with you. Hundreds of driver choices but none of them want to drive for you and it does not matter how well your team is doing. You don't even get a chance to make an offer. Even with these minor faults, this is a fantastic game to play. Highly recommend 4 to 5 stars.When setting up your car a good guide is https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=817349754 You will find in the introduction the Excellent Smiley Setup Guide, click on that. Remember, it is only a guide to follow as every driver, part upgrades, etc will effect the final setup of your car.Good Luck and Happy Motoring.,Posted: May 4The idea of this game ( an F1 team manager) is extremely interesting and i still wonder why the official F1 hasn't done anything like this instead of the yearly F1 driver games. This game unfortunately doesn't have an official F1 license so the team and driver names are not the real ones( but some are quite close). I know there are mods out there that try to fix this but it is not the same thing. The game itself has some resemblance to the football manager series (that's actually a good thing) but it could have been a bit more detailed in the team management portion and a bit less detailed in the engineering aspect (trying to find the right car balance is not a job for the team manager)."
"136"	"747560"	"DARKROOM"	NA	NA	"Free to Play,Indie,Casual,Adventure,Horror,Visual Novel,Pixel Graphics,Atmospheric,Short,Mystery,Choices Matter,Supernatural,Interactive Fiction,Fast-Paced,Story Rich,Singleplayer,Psychological Horror"	"About This GameDARKROOM is a mystic novel. You wake up in complete darkness and you don’t know where you are or how you got there. Yet, there is someone else in this dark room. Atmospheric visual novel with elements of horror. Try to find clues in your memories.Find out who is here in the dark room with you and how they got here.Answers which at first sight seem obvious may lead you away from the truth.Great pixel art graphics."	""
"137"	"562800"	"HOUND"	2017-03-28	9.99	"Early Access,Indie,Simulation,Early Access,Open World,Atmospheric"	"About This GameBreathe life into an empty void and watch as it grows, evolving into a world of your choosing. Your only goal is to create a sophisticated ecosystem - a brutal world of predators or a peaceful garden; breed an intelligent species capable of speech or a super-organism that will consume the stars. With HOUND, you craft the world you want. HOUND gameplay is simple: you start with an empty world, build your ecosystem, design your first organism and throw it into the void. HOUND’s advanced artificial intelligence (AI) analyses your creation, finds its strengths and weaknesses, then gives it competition in your world. Watch as life evolves before your eyes - literally; the creatures exist in three dimensions, develop legs, wings, and communication. Your organism will fight for survival, stimulating favorable mutations and increasingly more complex life forms. The AI speeds up natural selection and genetic mutation so that your world will evolve in a matter of days instead of millennia. Every move you make changes the outcome - you can add new organisms, tweak the environment and more through communication with the AI. The twist? Working with the AI can be a productive partnership or a brutal rival. Your application will be a part of a network that creates one global genetic database and a global ecosystem. AI is blank at the start, but as the network grows, it will improve, building itself with algorithms, picked to fit your individual simulation, and over time your game will become more than just an evolution simulator, as the built-in neural net learns the laws of mutation and genetic recombination.Success in HOUND isn’t about earning “achievements” or beating levels. Success is controlling the program so that you create your perfect world by containing and stabilizing a bursting stream of life."	"Posted: March 29, 2017Early Access ReviewThis Programme is complex with plenty of challenge. IMO it is amazing, challenging and fun. The learning curve can be a challenge but the god complex it has given me has made it worth while. If U have any interest in AI this would make a great study tool. There does seem to be a game element within this as you can make or break the Neural network of a creature by messing around inside it's brain.Thought provoking giving a god like feeling. At first u will wonder and think how strange. However, as I started to read all the help content and understand more I started to create my own living organism/creature. Although it only lived for a few seconds. The 2nd I named Bob and he was a happy little chap for a slightly longer period of time. The first creature was pulsing a huge amount of energy where as Bob just kind of drifted slowly sideways with a limp. This put in to context \"The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long\" Eldon Tyrell. I now have so many questions Longevity, Morphology, Incept dates. I wonder if they obey Asimov's 3 robot laws.,Posted: March 29, 2017Early Access Reviewwoah man, I am gonna dig myself so deep in on this one i can't see the sun. Not comparing them at all, but if you are into the deep intellectual games like Kerbal Space Program this will tickle that nerve quite well.EDIT: In response to certain negative comments. People should understand that I likened this to KSP because there is a similarly steep learning curve. I have yet to actually get my biodome going and can't figure out how to change the map. Thats a bit frustrating, however, I got this fully aware that there would be a difficult learning process. I tend to find that creates a much bigger sense of reward as well. That being said, from what I've seen and understand to be occuring with the AI, I STRONGLY reccomend this for cerebral gamers. There is no \"easy mode\" and I am still confused as hell, but every little detail I learn and figure out is rewarding and exciting. Please, if you need instant gratification do not buy this, or at least don't buy it and leave a negative review while theres still like less than 10, when you clearly didn't fully understand what you were getting. And I'd imagine requesting a refund is painfull for a small developer, so again I reiterate; THIS GAME IS DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND, HARD TO GET GOING WITH, AND CLEARLY COMPLEX AS HELL. Don't harm this developer by thinking you just got Call of Duty: Science.,Posted: July 26, 2017Early Access ReviewWaaaaaaay too weird for me, this game/program/something is just completely bonkers. The voiceover sounds like somebody attempting to speak and gargle porridge at the same time and I couldn`t understand a single word it said. I think It advised me to \"try random buttons to try to create an organism\".(So I did this and was rewarded by the program immediately crashing).The interface is VERY un-intuitive, there are virtually no instructions about what anything does, about what YOU are supposed to be doing or about what the outcome is going to be, you have to find your way around by trial and error.I just felt completely baffled and lost.This program/game/simulation might be at home in a genetics laboratory or a university research group,but as a steam game meant to entertain, at this stage of developement it fails dismally.The problem is that you are just thrown into the program blind, any help menus or instructions are really hard to find & the ones you DO stumble across are very confusing. In fact the entire purpose of the program is extremely nebulous.I think that its a high tech 3D version of the old \"life\" computer game where you create organisms that obey simple rules and either survive, expand or die depending on where you paint the starting pixels. But there seems to be no instructions on how to do very basic things in the program, for instance, where do you start? how do you create an organism? after listening to the gargled commentary the best answer I could glean was to \"press random buttons\".... Well, does this mean keyboard keys? or is it referring to the tiny colored squares at the sides of the screen?  I get the impression that if I spent a LOT of time messing with this that I`d eventually stumble upon some of the answers to my questions but to be brutally honest that just seems like an unnecessary chore to me, and not what I would call enjoyment.,Posted: July 27, 2017Early Access Reviewas far as i have tried to play this \"game\", it made me feel way more lost than when i started learning 3dmax. sometimes you have no clue if you are clipping or if your video crashed. theres some heavy issues with the UI and the hard to read text, the almost similar color lines to guide you are more misleading than anything else(thin lines, with not as much color change and close to each other will not as a guidethe product is a really interesting concept, but you really need to work the start of the game towards a even simple start to make the player feel like its an interesting experiment worth the huge learning curve instead of making the player wonder if his game is crashing or not,Posted: January 20, 2018Early Access ReviewThis simulator seems like it could be a cool idea. However, I have absolutely no idea what to do or why I would want to do it. After getting through the intro which throws a whole lot of terminology at you, I felt like I was stuck in space, left to poke at buttons that don't do anything. There are now tool-tips since the latest update, so that's a nice feature.My biggest wish is that the developer put in a real tutorial. One that teaches you what each element does and shows you how it affects your environment. Because right now, there is no learning curve - it's a learning cliff. And you're expected to climb it alone. Without a tutorial, you will only capture a small fracture of your audience. If the developer really wants an active, thriving community, then there needs to be a clear path towards understanding.,Posted: September 12, 2017Early Access ReviewTest: Is it good for you?See if these statements ring a bell.- neural networks- abstract- creating life- WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FСK IS HAPPENING??If all that sounds perfect, go grab it.Not stable, but I don't care.Score: WTF/10,Posted: February 3, 2018Early Access ReviewDo I recommend this game?  What game?!?  This is an abomination.  It is awful to look at and it hardly passes for a game.  There is no tutorial of any value, so you're left to push buttons and figure it out on your own.  That's what the game actually tells you.  They know that people are lost in the first few minutes and their answer is to push buttons and hope for the best.  Really?!?  Half of the buttons don't even seem to do anything.  I had to use Windows Task Manager to close the game because the provided button did nothing.I get that this is early access.  I do.  Just because you slap an early access label on something, doesn't mean you should make this \"game\" available to the public in this state.  The menus aren't even legible, FFS!  This has got to be the worst 99 cents I've ever spent.  I will never get that 18 minutes of my life back...The concept of the game is solid, but this is just not good.  Also, PUNCTUATION.  Seriously, it's an awesome thing.  Learn it.  Use it.  Early access or not, there is no reason for such poor punctuation.,Posted: March 29, 2017Early Access ReviewI have absolutly no idea what im doing .....but it's an interesting new take on game development....i'd also like to add 'HOUND' has an unusual way of making you feel important,WOW...WTF...and LOL ed   within first minutes of \"trying to Play?\"solid  score  IMHO :),Posted: June 8, 2018Early Access ReviewI'll be brutally honest, I love the idea of this game, but the presentation is absolutely horrendous. A basic rule of video game invitation is to encourage the main gameplay flow of a title. Hound specifically indicates they do not want you to do this. Instead it encourages \"experimentation\", however I'd argue that is as close to impossible as it gets. This isn't because the game is impossibly complex, I'm sure there's a reasonable game flow in here somewhere, but the UI is not even remotely built to be understood on face value. Two small circle UI elements exist at the bottom left and right. Their contents are too small to be visually recognised and utilised. The far left and right are two vertical columns of squares, each of which point to a facet of a creature. What do each do? No one knows, it doesn't explain. When you expand that menu, there are coloured circles you can drag onto timelines... to what end, I cannot tell you.Fact is this is a developer capable of creating intricacy, but onboarding people into this is something that they fail at. Miserably. I WANT to get into this, I WANT to provide information for their project, but they haven't made the effort to actually bring us in and allow us to participate. If I have to manually scrounge the internet to identify just the most simple game flows, you've lose your mind, and you've lost me as a participant.,Posted: June 6, 2017Early Access ReviewCan't recommend.. yet.The UI is too counter-intuitive, also this game needs a big epilepsy warning stamped on it or the intro glitched out on me bigtime.Was also lagging constantly and had to be patient when klicking and draging something. Still gave it a shot.After a while I realized none of my creature was not moving.I quickly learned that I had accidentally \"turned off\" the movement of their time, so I hovered the mouse and pressed \"Q\" like a good boy and found out that I could turn the creatures time on again by using my mouse wheel or one of two buttons on my keyboard.Did not work, I was only able to dial down robot and creature time, but not turn it back up.So at that point I literally could not see this simulation game going anywhere... But I do love the concept, so @developers please fix soon<3 Really wanted this to be a good review."
"138"	"854710"	"CyberLink PowerDVD 18 Standard"	2018-06-20	59.99	"Utilities"	"AWARDS5-Star rating from TechRadarEditor's Choice, PCMag, USA5 Stars Award (Excellent), software.informer , USA,Important Notice:The trailer video shows some features and functionality that are not available in this version of PowerDVD. For a detailed list of features available in PowerDVD 18 Standard, please refer to our Features List on our store page.,About This SoftwarePowerDVD is the must-have companion for PCs and home entertainment systems. It’s packed with unique movie, music and photo features indispensable for creating  an unbeatably immersive sight & sound experience. And for people looking to create a cinema feel in their own homes, PowerDVD now has world-first technology essential to maximize the potential of your 4K and HDR TVs!Always on Top Mini ViewNever miss a moment of your favorite shows while multitasking. Always keep track of your video screen with a new minimized interface. Experience Better-Than-Original Quality with TrueTheater®    TrueTheater® Color Intelligently analyzes video footage and optimizes hues and vibrancy, creating a true-to-life viewing experience.  TrueTheater® Sound Enjoy a richer, fuller audio environment by enhancing bass, vocal range, reverb and boosting volume. Cinema Quality Audio Playback For a truly immersive movie experience you need exceptional audio. PowerDVD supports master-quality sound technology from the leaders in professional digital audio—Dolby and DTS. RAW Format Support No need to convert before you enjoy, with full RAW file playback support. "	""
"139"	"788950"	"VR Austria - 4K Resolution Pack"	2018-04-03	NA	"Video Production"	"About This ContentVR Austria is a stereoscopic virtual reality app, that offers you a look at Austria – as if you were there, on a typical summer’s day. Visit beautiful locations that can be dynamically switched between, just by looking.This free DLC is ideal for people with high computer specifications and advanced VR-Headsets. This pack contains the same videos as the base game, but in 4k resolution. To make full use of this, you’ll need a graphicscard like the GTX 10xx series or better."	"The recently announced update of VR Austria was published today!With respect to your reviews and suggestions, the update is packed with bug fixes plus new features like a map for navagation and HTC Vive controller support.Like the new version of VR Austria?We would appreciate a short recommendation at our store page!If you have suggestions for future releases, make sure to tell us those as well!,For me, there is no sound, and some of the scenes have one eye out of line, so I get double vision.  Others are fine.Please add sound, and align the stereoscopic vision for the Vive on all scenes.  It would be great to have a tour guide, even a TTS voic...,Our first update for VR Austria is going to be released this week!Thank you for all the constructive feedback in the reviews and in the communityhub.Your suggestions and concerns are helping us to push this VR experience forward.Upcoming new features:HTC Vive controller supportAbility to hide travel icons (with Vive controller only)A geographic map containing all available placesUpcoming fixes:Long location names are no longer croppedAudio plays reliablyWe will also add more specific technical guidelines regarding our 4K resolution pack on the store page soon. Stay tuned!,Yeah i only see the symbols but the background is black,Hello There,I basicly bought VR for my 12 yeaer old daughter. She really loves going to other places that we cant normally afford. One thing she is addicted with is Kangaroos and koalas. I was wondering if there are any footage of koalas hanging around ...,."
"140"	"798380"	"Debtor"	2018-02-23	1.99	"Indie,Adventure,Action"	"About This GameThere was a debtor in the world. Once he became very ill and he lost consciousness. While the ambulance was going to the hospital, he woke up in a strange place. In that strange place, one of the inmates explained that those who have unsuccessful assignments come here. Our hero's unfulfilled task was to collect all his debts.The task of the hero to go through 30 levels and collect all the coins, while guarding at the same time clever traps and ruthless enemies. In addition to all, each task is given a dedicated time, which will play against you! To solve all his problems, our hero has a hard forehead with which he can break blocks, well, as well as explosives, with which you can get rid of enemies. Push the boxes, clear your way, solve small puzzles to achieve the goal in the form of an opening door leading to the next level.Featuresoldschool gameplaycool pixel art graphicsa lot of secrets"	"Posted: March 26, 2018Extremely casual, extremely indie.. but I liked this platformer! :)I'll start with the things I liked the less. First of all, the soundtrack - it's a very retro/standard MIDI loop that you CAN NOT in any way turn off in-game. By hitting the Esc key, you'll get automatically redirected to the main menu and that's not an awesome thing, since you'll lose all the level progress.Another thing I didn't like is the lack of a tutorial - you get a simple tutorial only by opening and playing level 1, so there's no \"stand alone\" help windows or such. If you forget your keys (down+X to drop a bomb, Z to crush blocks), you're forced to play again the beginning of level 1 in order to see them.And.. well that's it.Ok, 4€/$ are too much, but you can find this game on sale or bundled so it won't be a big problem in my opinion - it's worth it to pay the developers, since it's a very nice casual platformer with a retro style, nothing new of course but still great to play, smooth and with many levels too - 30, to be more precise.The things I loved the most, well, I'd start with the retro graphics - lovely how it's SNES-like, as you can see from the screenshots and such - and the smooth character movement. The controls (no remapping, but it's ok - directional keys) are responsive and you'll be required to collect coins, jump around, push crates, set down bombs to kill enemies and destroy blocks by hitting Z, so.. with your head xDIt's indie, super indie - on tray, it's called \"GameMaker Studio\" XD - but it's really enjoyable as it is in my view.I didn't like that much the fact that, as an additional (and forced, there are no different modes - 30 standard levels for everyone xD) issue you're always timed, meaning that every level will have to be solved and completed (the doors will open on collecting all the coins, hence the small \"story\" behind the game's name) in a fixed amount of minutes/seconds.Anyways, it won't be a big problem. Due to the simple gameplay, you'll get accustomed in a couple of minutes to the gameplay and the controls and maybe you'll need just to retry some levels which need some enemies to be killed by crates or bombs and similar puzzles, but nothing extremely difficult anyways.I don't think that this game will take you more than two hours to complete, but having 30 different levels it can be enjoyed without problems 10 minutes at a time whenever you want to relax.. even with the timer, it never gets too hard (and there are no difficulty options as I said).Being so minimal, the lack of settings and help in the end doesn't get too annoying - I'd have preferred of course that, aside of the R key for restarting a level (since you can get stuck even without dying, if you push or destroy the wrong box etc.), you could have a standard menu while on hitting Esc you're automatically redirected to the main screen - that means of course that you can't pause the game.And the soundtrack issue is quite \"annoying\" - you'll need to keep it extremely low with your PC settings, or turn completely off the PC sounds as I did since it's really boring and too retro/standard to be enjoyed for 30 whole levels.But then, when you'll have mastered the bomb and the crate thing, you'll be good to go - you won't get upgrades such as double jump, but you'll just have to make the wisest use of bombs, crates, money collected and timing to get through all the levels.Overall, if you like indie platformers this title's really good and the later levels will get also quite complex, although never difficult. There's no violence or such and the SNES style is great! Controls are responsive and well, maybe it's not worth the full price for sure, but I'd definitely recommend it :),Posted: April 24/10,Posted: March 12, 2018I got all the achievements and beat the game. Was pretty challenging but I enjoyed it. 10/10,Posted: March 13, 2018Check out my timestamped video below for a spoiler free overview of Debtor!https://youtu.be/I5CfeQxFzRg?t=136"
"141"	"33990"	"Alternativa"	2010-11-03	12.99	"Adventure,Point & Click,Sci-fi,Cyberpunk,Dystopian ,Singleplayer"	"About This GameAlternativa is a story that will take you to a world much different to what you'd expect in 2045. To a world destroyed by war and revolutions, a world led by an oppressive and cruel dictatorship.Classic point&click adventure game based on the original sci-fi/cyber-punk script which is composed of a number of shorter stories that lead us through the lives of individual characters as well as the fictional world of the future.Murder of one, power of a few, betrayal of all!Key features:Classic point&click adventure gameMore than 120 backgrounds modeled in detailPlay as up to 4 different characters in the storyOriginal sci-fi story in an elaborate worldSimple and easy controls using just a mouseRendered video sequences2 levels of difficultyInteractive dialogues with choicesOriginal soundtrack"	"Posted: January 11, 2014I cannot really recommend this game. Even thought I had whishlisted it for a long time and expected a lot.The beginning starts quite well. The base of the plot is well... not very original but one can feel it could get interesting.Also, the graphics isn't bad -- even though everything is 1024 capped with 4/3 aspect ratio, but I don't mind.But then you start to notice the very bad voice acting, the clumsy gameplay where you basically have to go back and forth in countless areas just to get an item that you couldn't pick earlier...Talk to this guy, go there, pick item, come back to the guy, new dialog is unlocked, etc.Alright that's like the basics of adventures games, but for this game this is really a waste of time.All of that is made to make the game longer. Really.The gameplay was so pointless that at the middle of the game I started to use a walkthrough just to PLAY the game instead of wandering aimlessly everywhere just to find a piece of paper or a piece of grass (yeah, true story) or whatnot. I just wanted the story to continue.Also, the closer you get towards the end of the game and the less detailed everythings gets.You cannot click on random stuff anymore and have your character comment on it, or having nice description of the surrounding. I believe even the music is gone too near the end. Even though it wasn't that great in the first chapters, it was still a little bit immersive.And, when the end of the game comes, we can saddly notice that everything has been rushed. The story falls appart and then comes dissapointement.However there are some dialogues and comments that are kinda funny.There is a little bit of humour in that game that will make you laugh for sure.But yeah... no I cannot recommend this game.,Posted: April 4, 2015I can only half-recommend this game. The story and the atmosphere are both good, although I have to agree with other reviewers that there are some elements that seem unfinished (pretty sure more was meant to happen with  the cat outside the apartment , for example). I liked the setting of a dystopian Prague, since I also know and like the city. The voice acting is decent. but as others have said,  the game's ending leaves many questions unanswered  and this is a slight disappointment. All in all, I'd recommend it for the atmosphere, decent graphics and decent voice acting. However, it's probably more something who really love adventure games and dystopian themes in particular.,Posted: April 6, 2014\"Wait... Really? That was it? WTF!\" That's pretty much the reaction you'll have at the end of the game. The story isn't very engaging and by the time you get any sort of meat to sink your teeth into, it ends. You get a few solid plot nuggets throughout the game which ultimately go unresolved leaving you unsatisfied and wondering what the point of it all was in the first place. Honestly, it feels as though they had unfinished 3 plot concepts squished them together and hoped for the best. Well, at least it was a challenge and fun to play right? Nope... It encapsulates one of the most reviled characteristics of the classic point and click adventure games. In order to progress through an obvious puzzle you first have to interact with something 10 screens away so that the option then becomes available. The constant backtracking, the inability to collect stuff without you'll obviously need before interacting with something unnecessary and the occasional pixel hunt make the game play nearly insufferable.The sad thing is, despite the game having a largely unfinished feel... Actually, I think it's safe to say it is unfinished. The art work is actually pretty good. Some of the sub plots are fairly dark and interesting, even though most of the story is just hinted at, and no real plot is there. This game could have really had potential but it is ultimately doomed by a clear disinterest in actually finishing it.,Posted: December 2, 2013While the overall story/plot has alot of potential and The graphics are decent , the very line driven must look at A before you can do B play style leaves alot ot be desired.  The game ending made me feel like  I had only gotten the first  couple of chapters in a novel rather then a whole book,Posted: November 26, 2016Disclaimer: we did not finish.It's painful to see a world that's so intriguing wasted on a game like this. Name an Adventure Game Sin, this one has it: pixel hunting? Check. Gratuitous backtracking? Check. Blocking advancement until you've clicked just the right item? Check.Interactable objects are blended into the background, enforcing pixel hunting to even find them. Necessary objects are usually on the other side of a multiple screen map and often you won't even be able to pick them up until you've established that you need them. Sometimes you won't even be ABLE to interact with an item until the game says you can.The last straw came when we were essentially punished for being smarter than the main character and making a logical leap before the game said we could. After that, the game crashed. We took it as the game committing seppuku out of shame and moved on to better pastures.,Posted: March 9, 2014this is another example of the point and click adventure games' resurgence that has been happening lately.the best part of the game is undoubtedly its art style. backgrounds are nicely prerendered/drawn, locations do feel different, yet appropriate and both backgrounds and charactess have the same art style. animation of characters could be better at times but is definitely passable (or even surprisingly good for a budget game). 3d characters on prerendered/drawn backgrounds is a decidedly oldschool way of doing things and the developer has chosen to fully accept the limitations apparently without seriously considering mitigating these. it is not all bad as you might think, fixed resolution inherently means that the visuals do fit together incredibly well.a bit on the technical aspects - i want to say visuals are great in general but unfortunately these remain within the confines of the technical capabilities of the game (or the engine). resolution is limited to 1024x768 and aspect ratio setting only changes the ratio leaving resolution the same - the ar correction setting (that has been mostly misunderstood in forum conversations) is aimed at displays not able to preserve the aspect ratio by themselves. looking at the other settings - without antialiasing the characters are horribly aliased thanks to the low resolution but fortunately enabling it incurs only a very minor performance hit.story is about a near-future dystopia-ish society with a decidedly eastern- or middle-european take on the sci-fi genre. it is focused on the society and people with sci-fi technology remaining essentially just a backdrop. as customary for this, story does not wrap up too nicely and does not reveal all the details. story progression is slow and calm but not overly so.story follows richard, a man who in a world of  big corporations and oppressive state (more hinted than shown) gets fired from one of the all-powerful corporations of the future and whose future prospects with that go from bleak to worse. standard fare of resistance, conspiracies, family history etc. ensues.point and click works as well as expected from such a game today. there are not too many interactive objects and these can be hinted at to prevent pixelhunting. puzzles are very logical (but not always easy), the only annoyance is some degree of having to move over 4-5 screens and back for some puzzles. this is not critical though thanks to double-click acting like a quick-move (run to the object when double-clicking on one and practically immediately get to the next screen when clicked on screen transition).finishing the game took me around 5 hours. definitely recommended for an adventure game fan (who does not dislike sci-fi setting) - it contains several hours of very good fun.,Posted: January 4, 2016The game has a typical dystopian adventure game feel to it. The graphics is a little dated by I think it works fine. The voice acting ranges from ok to extremely bad (the police woman comes to mind). The story has potential but the game seems rushed and the ending is just terrible. If you like adventure games and have some extra time to spend it might be worth checking out but it's nothing memorable.,Posted: May 2, 2015Clunky puzzles, can easily get stuck and break the game. Terrible ending, developers obviously planned a sequel so ending is open ended and unsatisfying.,Posted: December 29, 2014One of the most boring adventure games I played recently. The ending is unbelievably rushed, the backtracking is massive and uninspired, there are very few characters you can interact with. No reasons to play it.,Posted: January 22, 2016You just go back and forth back and forth. You see the item you have to take, it's obviously right there but you can't take it until you go to some arbitrary location and do one arbitrary thing then go back, only then, ONLY THEN, you are allowed to take the item. Everything must be done in order. It is absoulutely ridiculous. At some point I went into a building and tried to search the debris around and the game said nothing was there. Then I tried to open the locked door right NEXT TO the debris. You wanna know where the key is? Right in that ♥♥♥♥ing debris that I searched 2 seconds ago. But the game didn't give me the key because I didn't check the door first. ♥♥♥♥ you game."
"142"	"551290"	"Fantasy Grounds - Mini-Dungeon #011: Buta No Shiro (5E)"	2016-11-15	2.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentA 5E Mini-Dungeon for 4 Level 10 PCsA warthog-headed rakshasa, Achellios the Glutton, has gained influence over a town's magistrate. The creature uses its powers to uncover illegal activity and read wrongdoers' minds, then with its message ability it whispers the details to the magistrate while he's alone' resulting in a remarkably crime-free town. When the PCs enter the picture, either traveling through the area or perhaps returning to their once-quiet hometown. Achellios recognizes the threat the adventurers pose and immediately starts turning the magistrate against them with every scrap of information it can think of.5E Mini-Dungeons are small adventures for 5th Edition which are setting agnostic and are easily inserted anywhere in your campaign.Requires: A Fantasy Grounds full or ultimate license or an active subscription and the included 5E Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"143"	"706780"	"Fantasy Grounds - Village Backdrop: White Moon Cove (5E)"	2017-09-06	2.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentVillage Backdrop: White Moon CoveWhite Moon Cove is a respectable fishing village set in a sheltered cove which acts as an excellent, natural harbour. The inhabitants of this tightly-knit community are sober, hardworking and amiable fishermen, traders and other sturdy folk making their living from the sea. Despite being a fairly peaceful and law-abiding place, White Moon Cove still hold many opportunities for adventure, from rumours of secret smuggler activity to an ancient and possibly haunted lighthouse. Yet, perhaps the most famous reason for White Moon Cove’s notoriety is the mysterious underwater edifice known as the Sunken Pyramid which lies hidden far beneath the waves a few miles out to sea.By Marc RadleMost of the village comprises peasant homes. A few locations, however, are of interest to adventurers:Seafoam Trade Goods: Edric’s Trading Shop is almost always busy with sailors, merchants and local residents alike.Gwyn’s Smithy: This large building is owned and operated by Orin Gwyn. Items available include sword blades, farming implements, eating utensils and ship’s tools.Sleeping Triton: The Sleeping Triton comprises a spacious tavern with two dozen cosy rooms. It is easily one of the most popular places in White Moon Cove.White Chapel: White Moon Cove’s temple is one of the village’s most impressive buildings. Recently constructed, the temple’s high-domed roof gleams in the sunlight.Village Hall: This building comprises a large central meeting room and a number of smaller chambers and offices. It is well-guarded during the day and securely locked at night.Dorna’s Fishmonger’s Shop: This large building, located near both the marketplace and the docks, is a popular destination of sailors and fisherman alike.The Cyclops: Known to locals as “The Cyclops,” this old stone lighthouse sits at the mouth of the cove. It is by far the oldest structure in the village.Marketplace: Numerous stalls and animal pens fill the area in a semi-organized jumble. A large weekly market day draws people from all over the local area.Most of the population are nothing more than hardworking peasants. A few, however, are of interest to adventurers:Barro Godwyn Head of the village council, Barro is a stern fellow.Corwyn Redcrow This reclusive wizard is often found at the Sleeping Triton.Dorna Operates White Moon Cove’s fishmonger shop (and brothel).Edric This charming, charismatic man owns Seafoam Trade Goods.Galen Nrek White Moon Cove’s gruff, but capable, constable.Kandra This quiet and kind priestess officiating at the White Chapel.Old Grif Serann The one-armed, sahuagin-hating village drunkard.Orin Gwyn This bald, brawny man operates Gwyn’s Smithy.Perrin is the proprietor of the Sleeping Triton.White Moon Cove features in Marc Radle’s adventure, The Sunken Pyramid.Village Backdrop: White Moon Cove is designed for use with the 5th edition of the world’s most popular roleplaying game. Fantasy Grounds conversion includes all NPCs in Fantasy Grounds format in encounters by location to make the DM’s job easier.Fantasy Grounds Conversion by: Michael G. PotterReleased on August 29, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.2.2 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included 5E Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"144"	"933130"	"Archangel Hellfire - Fully Loaded"	2018-09-13	19.99	"Action,Simulation"	"About This ContentPilot massive weapons of destruction, armed to the teeth, and war on post-apocalyptic lands in this VR shooter.  Team up against HUMNX in the Coop Mech Assault mode (1-4 P) or explore life before all-out war ignited and battle waves of enemies in the award winning solo campaign. Ready, pilots? Enlist and get into a mech today!FEATURES:Award-winning Solo Campaign: Explore what fueled The Great Mech WarsTeam Deathmatch (2v2 and 1v1 [PvP]): Who reigns Hellfire? Decide by DeathmatchCoop Mech Assault (1-4 pilots): Battle waves of enemy mechs with friendsElite Skins: Change up your mech skin and up the intimidation factorThe Original Story - Year 2089At the end of the 21st century: The world is in ruins under HUMNX, a mega corporation turned autocratic regime out of a desire to “heal the world,” no matter the human cost. The United States Free Forces leads the resistance, armed with a one-of a kind, building-sized weapon: the Archangel. HUMNX has abundant resources and developed equivalent weapons, but the USFF is determined to take freedom back. Rise from the rubble and prepare for combat: You are the last, best hope of the free.Current Events - Year 2099After a few strategic USFF victories, HUMNX has adapted. In response to the Archangel weapon, the incredibly resourceful corporation deployed three new, state-of-the-art mechs featuring advanced movement and weapons systems. The USFF rises to the new challenge and initiates automated, mechanized war-machine construction to increase their own mech roster to an equivalent level.Conscious of their inability to keep pace with HUMNX enhancements, USFF weapons strike the largest enemy Mech Replication site, Genesis Facility. HUMNX immediately retaliates. The ensuing war results in extensive destruction and far too many casualties. When The Great Mech Wars end, who will be left to reclaim our shattered world?"	"An example is the text on the recentering dialog that appears when starting hellfire is almost unreadable.The singleplayer graphics are a lot clearer, looks like hellfire resolution is lower, undersampled even.Im on a 1080 so this shouldnt be some kin...,Do you devs plan to officially support the WMR headsets?  I'd love to buy this game, but from other comments, it seems the WMR is buggy at best.  :(,Can anyone help me out here? I really don't like the shield and movement controls and I'd like to remap themI would like to get press to move/turn and Grip buttons for left and right shieldCould make it hold both Menu buttons to recalibrate and Double...,Trying the Demo out, game loads to start menu then after a short moment says \"Unable to Login, Endure you are launching through steam or oculus and try again\". Well I am running it though steam. Any one else have this problem?,Hey guys, We can keep this as a list of known issues /w workarounds. As the community develops we may put this in a separate forum but for now.... pin time. 1) Loading screen and accessing single player - Not the most intuitive, we are working on it, ..."
"145"	"639531"	"Tanki X: Antaeus Marksman"	2017-05-22	12.99	"Free to Play,Massively Multiplayer,Action"	"About This ContentThis pack contains the following items:Turret: RailgunHull: HornetSkin: Railgun XTPaint: ClayRailgunA Railgun kinetic weapon and the \"X\" Tank are the ideal combination for waging battle in circumstances where any other weapon could fail. Huge open spaces proved to be excellent testing grounds for honing the performance properties of the Railgun. It is able to cut through several enemy tanks at once before they are even in range to offer counter fire. This weapon is perfectly paired with Hornet to create a devastating marksman build.HornetIt was developed by Antaeus to effectively promote their \"X\" Tanks on battlefields around the world. Hornets can appear right in front of the enemy's nose at lightning speed and smash their position. This hull can withstand direct hits and still stay on track, but it is not good for performing quick maneuvers on a dime.Note! You can purchase only 1 Pack per 1 Tanki X account. Refund is not available if you purchase 2 different packs, which include the same weapons, hulls, and skins or you already have the items from the pack! The items will be granted to the account that you use to log into the game through Steam."	"Привет, танкисты!Высказывайте своё мнение об игре, что нравится и не нравится, делитесь проблемами — будем общаться!Просим вас в этой теме..., Please post your suggestions and ideas here, in a constructing manner. ,Discuss, share opinions and feedback.,I haven't touched this game in a year and a half, so I can't really tell if it's still in a horrible state. What's new here?,Играю на средних настройках, игра вылетает в матче. Если что, то вот характеристики моего ПК: процессор: Intel Core i3-2100, 3100 MHz, видеокарта:AMD Radeon HD 6...,Posted: April 29This game made for peaps. who played Tanki Online at browser, its nostalgical game, then you can see a gold box landing, you heart starts run, like in 2010... Its have action and its interesting, but it will not interesting so much after 1-2weeks."
"146"	"683100"	"Call of Duty®: WWII - Season Pass"	2017-11-02	49.99	"Action,Gore,Violent,FPS"	"New DLC AvailableFinish the fight in DLC Pack 4 for Call of Duty®: WWII - Shadow War. Make a final strike to the enemy's evil ambitions in three new Multiplayer maps: Excavation, Airship, and Chancellery. Uncover the secrets of a classified Axis weapons facility in a new objective-based War Mode mission: Operation Arcane. Plus, experience the final chapter in the Nazi Zombies saga.,DLC Pack 3 - United FrontThe Allies retaliate in DLC Pack 3 for Call of Duty®: WWII - United Front. Experience the dramatic drive toward Berlin across three new Multiplayer maps: Stalingrad, Market Garden and Monte Cassino. Armour up and push across North Africa in a new objective-based War Mode mission: Operation Supercharge. Plus, join new heroes in a unique Nazi Zombies experience.,DLC Pack 2 - The War MachineTensions escalate in DLC Pack 2 for Call of Duty®: WWII - The War Machine. Join the Allies and stop the powerful Axis advance in three new Multiplayer maps that illustrate the might and global reach of the Nazi War Machine. Strike back and take part in the Allied invasion of Sicily in 'Operation Husky', the all new objective-based War Mode mission. Plus, experience the latest Nazi Zombies chapter: 'The Shadowed Throne'.,DLC Pack 1 - The ResistanceContinue the epic scale of war with DLC Pack 1 for Call of Duty®: WWII - The Resistance. Fight in iconic locations centered around historic resistance uprisings in three new Multiplayer maps, as well as an all new objective-based War mode mission, 'Operation Intercept'. Plus, experience the latest Nazi Zombies chapter, 'The Darkest Shore'.,About This ContentExperience the full-scale theatre of war with the Call of Duty®: WWII Season Pass*.Continue the epic journey with 4 DLC Packs in 2018 that include new and iconic Multiplayer Maps, new chapters of Nazi Zombies and all-new War Missions.Also includes 'Carentan' Bonus Map!Carentan, one of the most beloved Call of Duty® Multiplayer maps, makes its return in Call of Duty®: WWII. Fight through the destroyed buildings and fortified streets of this war-torn French town in an all-out battle for a strategic German stronghold. All Season Pass holders will receive this iconic map at launch.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"thinking about buying, is hacking a huge problem? On average how many games do you see hackers?,Cheaters in the game do not banyat. This cheater is not banned from the start of the game !!!!!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoPkKwTFaE8Over the past week I have often played against a single cheater who used an aimbot in one of the games for braz...,Der Name sagt schon alles:Ich habe eine Division kopiert und diese eine andere Uniform gegeben. Doch wenn ich jetzt zurück in die Divisionsliste gehe, dann ist auch die andere Division mit der gleichen Uniform.Kann man das i-wie abstellen bzw. umgehe...,Only 620 players ?WTF ??Just wanted to download and play it but it seems dead,This is really irritating me tonight. I know it's been mentioned a LOT of times before, but it's making mulitplayer unplayable so I'm wondering if someone has a workaround...Playing multiplayer (war, deathmatch), 75% of the time \"connection to server lo..."
"147"	"648330"	"Drifting Lands Soundtrack"	2017-06-05	5.99	"Action,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentThis is the soundtrack to Drifting Lands. Composed and arranged by Louis Godart. File format : 320kbps MP3Mixed and mastered by Arthur Lauth @ Brown Bear Recording Tracklisting :01 - Up and Above [04:53]02 - Escape [05:20]03 - The Lion's Share [00:40]04 - Night Chase [04:14]05 - Point of Entry [04:55]06 - Corrupted Faith [00:41]07 - Lost Quarry [05:50]08 - fastForward [04:54]09 - Careful Next Time [00:11]10 - The Ark [03:18]11 - Out [04:42]12 - The Core [05:14]13 - Second Chance [05:30]14 - Safe Haven [00:55]15 - All-In Bounty [05:23]////"	"Hi everyone !This is Louis, composer for Drifting Lands. For those who were wondering, the OST is available for sale and streaming right here : http://lgodart.bandcamp.comYou can grab your own digital or physical copy - this one is a beautiful digipack,...,Due to really low sales over the first few months of the game, we sadly can't invest more time and money in the game right now. Translations and console ports are currently off the table.Drifting Lands is still a complete and coherent game experience as...,Does the game support mouse-movement? And mouse-button weapons firing?Thank you in advance.,bonjour,à la fin de cette mission, il faut larguer 3 objet uniques originaux, j'ai refait plusieurs fois la mission en larguant des equipement fabriqué au péalable au commerçanbt avec des plans d'objet unique, mais ça me marque a chaque echec de mis...,Hi!As i really like my games DRM free i just wanted to know if you have any plans on releasing Drifting Lands on GoG?Thanks."
"148"	"988920"	"NexVR Video Player"	2019-01-23	1.99	"Utilities,Video Production"	"About This SoftwareNexVR Video Player is a simple yet powerful stereoscopic video player for VR Headsets like the HTC Vive™.NexVR Video Player plays the most popular video formats which are supported by Windows™.The player is able to play stereoscopic videos including the most popular formats.It supports Side-by-Side, Over-and-Under, Epirectangular, Fisheye, and Custom Modes etc. in either 180°, 360° or any FoV in between.Normal non stereo videos are also supported. NexVR Video Player is user friendly and it supports both Mouse and Keyboard inputs, XBox™ controllers, and the HTC Vive™ controllers.The file browser is very intuitive and includes thumbnails for your videos for easy browsing and you are able to rank your videos.All customization you set on any given video is automatically saved to be used next time you play your favorite videos."	""
"149"	"982110"	"Viscera Cleanup Detail - The Vulcan Affair"	2018-12-10	2.99	"Indie,Simulation,Gore"	"About This ContentHis plans set in motion, Dr. Hades and his villainous underlings laughed to themselves from their seats at an elaborate table, deep underground on a remote island lair. It would prove to be a short-lived interlude however, as Fox Huntington, dapper plot-foiler extraordinaire and international man-of-action, proceeded to lay waste to the twisted Doctor's evil plans. The world was saved!Now that an international super-spy has done their part, it falls to you to get on with the real work..So, straighten up your bow-tie, spray on your finest fragrance and pay a visit to your nearest gadget store; it's time to clean this place up!Features:The Vulcan Affair features an entirely new level set in Dr. Hades sprawling volcano lair, nestled on a remote island. You will be tasked with cleaning up the aftermath of a mission to take down Dr. Hades and end his 'Vulcan Project'.One expansive new map; a sprawling island lair filled with new sights and content.Eight new songs for the Big Banger radio.Ten new achievements to complete.Plenty of new assets, features and challenges one would expect to find in a super-villain's lair..,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:The game centers around cleaning up the grisly aftermath of various events. Players will have to mop up blood and mess, and pick up and deal with body parts and gore.All maps contain various scenes of gore and destruction.Various pieces of writing in the game (written on notes or walls) contain strong language."	"Greetings, all.I hope you've kept the dilapidated stations across the galaxy in at least semi-working order.I come bearing a bucket stained with the blood of game bugs.Some of which have been long standing issues, such as the mysterious player name being \"False\" / \"True\" bug. That was a silly one...Or the issue with faulty paperwork completion percentages in Revolutionary Robotics and Uprinsing.Others are just general fixes.Nothing too glorious I'm afraid.Mac users will be especially pleased to hear that notes will no longer be vanishing from their trunk upon being returned to the office.This was particularly annoying, as it destroyed all of Bob's notes.Read on for a full list!Changelog:Maps:Added brown \"Mantis\" corpses to Unrefinery level to replace the far less suggestive \"blood pools\" used to indicate 9 dead alien lifeforms.Fixed a blood splat in Unrefinery that was red instead of yellow.Improved weirdly offset bullet holes in Revolutionary Robotics.Fixed \"Revolutionary Robotics\" and \"Uprinsing\" Report Accuracy never reaching 100% even when you did things perfectly.Blocked off the area above the \"gates\" in Unearthly Excavation, making it impossible to sneak objects past them.Game:Fixed tick-box on punchout report forms for the \"AI\" incident not being properly evaluated. Led to it being impossible to get 100% accuracy on any level that used it.Changed Death Report Accuracy value to reflect whether you put all the PIDs into the punch-out machine or not. Previously only considered inserted PIDs.Levels without PIDs now reflect this with a 100% Death Report Accuracy instead of 0%. Only happens(for official levels) in The Vulcan Affair.Fixed the annoying player name being \"True\" or \"False\" problem. Was caused by the \"VSync\" setting overriding player name.House of HorrorFixed \"Incinerated Items\" in the punchout report forms counting objects destroyed in the Woodchipper. This likely led to a false reduction in report accuracy.The Vulcan AffairFixed one of the henchman heads not counting toward \"Head Hunter\" achievement.Death Report Accuracy now always reads 100% instead of 0%.Mac/OSXFixed notes from various levels not appearing when taken to the office. Such as as Bob's notes.Fixed Santa presents not keeping their appearance when taken to the office.Fixed teleporters from Core Sample not keeping their appearance when taken to the office.WorkshopAdded a slightly smaller and brown version of the Mantis.And there it is.Enjoy, everyone.,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1040200/Crime_Scene_Cleaner/,So... I've been bringing Bob's notes to the office, and somehow I managed to get one stuck in a wall while trying to stick it on. I've done everything I could think of, including trying to pick it up, ghosting and picking it up (gets dropped when going th...,Posted: April 30 This review is for the mac version. As much as I like the premise of the game, I do not recommend for any mac users to buy this game for now because it simply does not work. The mouse would get stuck like a magnet onto the sides of the screen and if you manage to \"fix\" that problem by ticking the checkbox on your security preference for this game, it will make your mac crash.I might change my review once this problem is fixed but for now, I'll leave it as it be.,Posted: May 3This is a fun game that makes you play the role of the guy who has to clean up after Arnold Schwarzenegger in every action Sci-Fi movie ever.Pros:Good Graphics.Decent Physics EngineSingle or Multiplayer sessions.Cons:Decently powerful cpu required.1 map can take multiple hours ( you can save progress tho. )the bullet casings. the tiny. little. numerous. rage inducing. bullet casings.,Posted: May 3Multiplayer doesn't work, and playing it solo is boring af.,Greetings everyone.It's often hard to keep you folks up to date with what we're currently working on, mostly because were focused on the tasks at hand, we tend to neglect keeping you informed until we have put together a concrete update.In the interes...,Greetings everyone.So, in the interests of revealing details about the world of Viscera Cleanup Detail in small trickles, We've decided to launch a kind of Trivia thread. NOTE: The official trivia is closed, but you can still participate, see t...,Reinstalled the game after about a year, Had issues with the FPS, So i verified files, Downloaded the stuff still missing, Still has issues. I reinstalled Redists, Graphics Drivers, tried to make sure my PhysX settings for Nvidia Control Panel was correct..."
"150"	"422420"	"Godus Wars"	2016-02-03	14.99	"Early Access,Strategy,Simulation,God Game,Casual,Indie,Early Access,Multiplayer"	"About This GameGodus Wars mixes tactical Real Time Strategy gameplay with the mechanics of the God game genre.It’s fun, it’s simple and it’s brutal.Take control of one of four Deities, each with different play styles, abilities and powers.Use your might to battle over 7 varied continents, through hundreds uniquely designed and modifiable levels.Collect over 20 different Power Cards with potentially thousands of variations and use them to gain the upper hand in battle.Control expansive armies with up to 50 different unit types from Archers to Catapults!Wield up to 8 mighty God Powers to bring devastating destruction or protection to your followers.Maps that change as you play with the unique deformable land - No two battles will be the same!Godus Wars includes Godus If you’ve not had the chance to play our delightful, Zen-like re-genesis of the God-Game on Windows PC or Mac OS X, there’s never been a better time to do so! Have you ever wanted to play god? In GODUS, you can sculpt every inch of a beautiful world that you look down upon, where your population of Followers will settle and multiply. As you rule over your living, breathing society, a civilization will blossom across your land and offer you their belief. The more Followers that believe in you, the more powerful you will become. It is as simple to play as it is spectacular to behold. Come and lead an incredible journey - this delightful, charming world is waiting for you to make it your own. The Early Access build includes:Over 70 unique and deformable levels across two continents4 playable Deities with a range of abilities2 base unit types - Archers & Catapults!20 cards with 10 power levels!2 Deity opponents - including Bryan Henderson!Original Godus included"	"Posted: February 3, 2016Early Access ReviewAs someone who doesn't particularly care about the Godus-related drama, I came at this simply hoping to see whether Godus Wars could be considered worth its asking price ($15 USD). My feeling from playing through the first 10 battles is that it isn't. There doesn't seem to be much to do beyond:1) Level the ground around your starting village.2) Cast the Build/Upgrade Citadel power as Belief permits.3) Throw armies at the AI's Citadel until razed.4) Dance around the Belief silo for 30 seconds.5) Repeat ad nauseam.Perhaps there's more to it if you progress even further on, but the poor path-finding makes control cumbersome and the game was starting to have some serious frame rate issues toward the end of my playtime. Eventually culminating in the game completely freezing.EDIT: So apparently, after you defeat the first island (circa 20 battles), the game throws up a $5 USD paywall to unlock the next island.EDIT 2: Within a day of launch, the 2nd island is now free to unlock for everyone. However, it's still the case that future islands may require additional purchase to unlock, so be wary of that.EDIT 3: Having now played through the 2nd (and currently last) island, I can now say with certainty that steps 1 to 5 generally hold true throughout the entire game. Although the trebuchets do add a nice bit of wanton destruction to the mid-/late-game, they are rather easy to exploit.-------If you have $15 USD to buy a game on steam, there are much better games to be found elsewhere.,Posted: February 7, 2016Early Access ReviewFirst, Peter Molyneux promises a God game through Kickstarter. Since he is the one who did Black and White, he's getting a LOT of responses.Next, development is slow, and information is conflicting. Supporters get irritated. Molyneux keeps promising cool features, but at the same time the game is weirdly defective, and features are few.Supported get annoyed. Molyneux responds by making it a pay-to-win card game. Next, he removes the in-game store. For a bit.Supporters get angry. He says it's not pay-to-win, but keeps adding pay-to-win features. Finally, he admits it's pay-to-win, and moves over to a full cardgame.Supporters get angrier. Molyneux responds by completing a quick Android cash-cow, based on Godus, and development of the actual game stops for a bit. Months later, he sacks his entire team, but \"development is ongoing!\".Finally, he renames the game, which removes all previous reviews. He did add one thing he promised years ago; combat. However, it's available as a card-based mini-game. The original game is virtually unchanged.It would appear Molyneux was either out for a quick cashgrab. And he failed miserably.,Posted: February 3, 2016Early Access ReviewYou know, I actually didn't mind Godus. Sure, the clicking was annoying, but I did spend a fair amount of time in there building things up and exploring the lands. It wasn't terrible. But this? I don't even know what to make of it. There's only one reason I can think of as to why a company would release a game in this state, and that's money. They should simply call it, \"Godus - We Need Money\". Where to begin? I'm going to do my review backwards from what I usually do.The UglyWhy, in all the holy lands of Godus, does this application launch a second full screen application when I try to battle? I can't even fathom how this works. Are they using some sort of battle engine in Godus that they didn't want to port over to Godus Wars? What happens if I uninstall Godus (I may try this)? I'm completely flabbergasted on this. I wanted to ask in the forum, or maybe it's in the FAQ, but...The BadThe forums are currently locked. Any time a company locks the forum and allows no discussion, right away you know it's to avoid negative threads. And this game, AS IS, will only be negative threads. They knew this was a pile of ... going in to it, yet they pushed it out anyway. Was there no way to simply wait a few weeks until the engine could be fleshed out? They put up absolute garbage and praised it, despite it being several orders of magnitude worse than Godus.The battles themselves, when they work, are fairly simple. This (I hope) changes later on, but I haven't gotten very far yet because the game keeps crashing. Perhaps it's releated to it trying to run another process and getting confused somewhere inbetween. The few times it has worked, I had to manually select the second window it opens.One of the major complaints in Godus was all the clicking. The clicking is still in this game, but luckily it appears you don't HAVE to do it. It feels more like a bonus click now. The game generates points on its own, but you can still click the rocks and trees to get additional points. I put this in the bad section because I fear it's going to feel like I still have to click all those rocks if I want to stay ahead.Graphics-wise, the cards it shows me are blurry if I click on them. They don't appear to be very high resolution (I was running on 1920x1200). The rest of the engine in the battles looked fine since it was the Godus style, but the other windows that were tacked on for this just don't have a crisp look to them. I understand this is EA (very very early EA I hope), so maybe they can be bothered to drop a slighly higher resolution image in sometime during the EA period.The starting God Powers, sculpting land, seems a bit pointless so far. I can't destroy the land under my enemies and destroy their village. I hope there's more later on (at this point I wouldn't put it past them to not have other powers), but I certainly don't feel very powerful here. Esentially the first few maps are:  Click this building, build a unit, send them to the enemy, go to next map. If your map is going to last 30 seconds, why bother? Make it a bigger map. Especially if you're going to screw around with my resolution and desktop switching from application to application.The GoodLike Hearthstone, this game has a spinner at the start. Unlike Hearthstone, this one actually matters. It changes the battle from making items/cards cost more to giving you bonuses or debuffs. I like the random nature of this, and if it works right, it would add a lot of replayability.... boy, not much else to say that's good. I rarely do reviews. Godus Wars is clearly a cash grab disguised as.. I don't know what. If you still have Godus in your library, stick with that. It at least has a calming effect, unlike this that just causes anger.,Posted: February 7, 2016Early Access ReviewProbably the most boring strategy game i've ever played.Build as much archers as possible, attack, don't worry if you fail just build some more and you'll succeed.Unless you die of boredom ofcourse,Posted: February 3, 2016Early Access ReviewCouldn't even get it to load into the battle.  Waited in excess of several minutes before the thought of \"WTF am I even doing here\"  Been through all the godus stuff since the beginning, this comes off as a way to rinse their hands of bad press and make a little extra cash with it.  Peter,  You can't HONESTLY say that this was your plan all along.. that the JUPITER sized world we would all be on and fight for control over with Brian the curiosity winner ruling over everyone..  was meant to be an entirely seperate game..  gimme a friggin break.  People,  If you already have it from your support of the original Godus try it if you want (or can).  But please, for the love of everything not Godus, don't spend your money on this!,Posted: February 23, 2016Early Access ReviewI really tried to get into this but at the end of the day each battle was basically the same. Flattern area, make citadel, make troop and attack enemy. I have seen basically no depth and while maybe if I finished the first area more would come but after 5 to 10 battles of the same thing I am honestly bored of it.It also seems poorly designed and will seemingly open and close other windows so every single battle I will see my desktop multiple times (likely to do with resolution changing?). This alone is an annoyance since it is distracting and doesn't exactly keep immersion in this limited game.There is no real depth and honestly I don't even see why this is split from the main game which is lacking but at least seemed to have more to do.Basically this has nothing really going for it and isn't worth the money, I would question if you should even play it for free since it just has nothing to really grip on to and have fun with.,Posted: February 7, 2016Early Access ReviewThis is by far the dullest strategy game I've played in my entire life. And I've played a lot of them.With an opening like that, it's questionable if you actually need to read any more, but let's take a look at what's up with Godus WarsFor some reason 22cans decided to work on two games at once, based on Godus. They scrapped the original store page for Godus and started anew with Godus Wars (you still get the original Godus if you buy Godus Wars). This is something that several developers have done in the last year or so with games that have received very negative reviews, and while I can't say for sure that they did this to hide the old negative reviews, I can't help but think it might at least have been in the back of their minds.GameplayGodus Wars advertises itself as a mix between a strategy game and a god game, and it does combine elements for traditional RTSs and games like Populous. This is not inherently a bad idea, though it's not a new one, Populous 3 did this to some degree (though it leaned heavier on the RTS part).The god game part is simple enough, you click on a piece of land and drag to either raise or lower it. You click on things in the world, such as rocks & trees, to remove them. In order to do your godly deeds, you need followers who generate energy, the more followers you have, the more energy you generate, and the more godly deeds you can commit which in turn can help you make more room for your followers to build their houses. It's simple enough in theory, and quite similar to the basics of Populous. The issue here is that the controls are terrible. Raising and lowering land feels imprecise, and the land has a tendency to \"snap back\". Raising or lowering land by more than one level is a chore, in particular raising it. It's not fun, and unless this part of the game receives a complete overhaul it never will be. Something like say left click to lower the land around your cursor and right click to raise it would work a lot better. But simply put, there's not any joy in the god game part of this game, and generating the power needed can feel slow.With the god game part being really bad, how does the RTS part fare? Worse. This is quite possibly the most simplistic RTS I've ever played. In order to build units you need to build forts, this is done by having a bunch of houses that your followers live in being merged together. The more houses that are merged, the larger the fort. Larger forts can support more units. Once your archers are built you can just send them out to fight, and if they win their fights they will get a bit more powerful. It would seem like unit preservation is important, but in reality combat mainly boils down to \"who has the most archers?\". If a unit of archers die, you can just build a new one at no other cost than time. Capture an important building that the enemy has and you win.Moving units across the field is a slow process, having them kill enemy units is a slow process, having them attack enemy buildings is a slow process, and capturing the main enemy building is a slow process. Everything is slow, slow and dull. The game lacks any real sense of strategy, it's just try to clear as much land as possible, spam archers, and if you're feeling brave, use some boring godly powers to make your units slightly stronger. The RTS portion of the game would, much like the god game portion, need a complete overhaul to be enjoyable.Graphics & soundEverything is highly stylized in Godus. If you like the style, well that's up to you, I personally find it a bit charming. Animation quality leaves a bit to desire, and there's not a lot of things going on at any given time, making things look a bit dull after a while, but at least everything feels consistent.The sound is monotonous and boring. There's not much going on, nothing feels like it has any real impact and the few sound effects that exist are played over and over again. In their current state, turning off the sound actually had very little impact on my enjoyment (or lack thereof) of the game, and that's not good.Final thoughtsGodus Wars is an incredibly dull & boring game. Sometimes with early access games you can see potential, they might have a few warts & wrinkles, but with a bit more work they might turn into a gem. Godus Wars does not have potential. It would need to be re-worked from the ground up to be worth playing, and considering it seems to be quite far into development, I doubt that will happen. Everything is slow, and there's nothing to do, no real strategy is involved, playing this game just feels like a huge waste of time. And I would not consider playing this on my phone either, I have better strategy games on it as well. This is quite simply the dullest and most boring strategy game I've ever played.,Posted: February 5, 2016Early Access ReviewHOW TO WIN EVERY MAP:Cards:- Speed +2 (A speed buff is essential)- Damage +3 (A damage buff is used against enemy Capitals and to get the edge on enemy troops if you have been too slow)- Leech +2 (This secures your troops strength and with this victory is assured)- FREE CARDSLOT! (You can use those one-time cards to make everything even faster!)Strategy:1. Harvest Belief from environment while first house completes2. Build 1-star Capital as soon as possible (costs 500 belief)3. Start production of a platoon4. Select the not yet spawned platoon and place their flag at the enemy base5. Harvest more Belief while platoon is being constructed.6. When the platoon is ready, right-click the platoon's portrait to center the camera on them.7. Use the speed buff.8. If the enemy has not created a capital on your platoons arrival, capture their belief tower. VICTORY!else if the enemy has a capital, use your Damage buff, then attack the capital. Switch to enemy troops if they manage to construct any and use your Leech buff to keep your troops healthy. After their capital goes down, capture their belief tower. VICTORY!If the enemy has multiple troops you have been waaaay to slow and must now slowly construct an army, attack their towers while keeping your troops alive so they level up and then take down the enemy troops and capitals. Pray that you are able to direct your troops accordingly, as it can be hard to select enemy troops near and behind buildings.FEEDBACK:- The environments in each level doesn't change how the levels are played out.- The random rules doesn't appear to be random. (another person got the exact same rules for each map, the same goes with the reward card selection)- The rule that increases the cost of god-powers doesn't change the shown values accordingly.- When you get to the second continent you keep your cards and keys, but the new continent kinder got the same cost of keys throughout as the first continent. Actually.. The whole Key thing is rubbish in its current state.- Enemy troops hit-boxes should take priority over buildings when ordering an attack, but they do not.- The readability of what the troops are attacking is low.- The readability of your troops target could be improved. (There is a difference between when you target enemy troops and enemy buildings, but it could be clearer)Why the Key mechanic is stupid:- To play a level you must not only consume keys to unlock it, but you are also required to have completed a level next to it.- The reward for completing a level is at least the same amount as is required to unlock it.The only case where the function of consuming keys to unlock levels is meaningful, is when a player unlocks a level, but doesn't complete it. The only sensible reason for this behaviour is if the player has taken on a too difficult challenge and simply cannot beat the unlocked level.Say the player uses 8 out of his 12 keys to unlock a level that he can't beat.Now he can only choose new levels that costs 1-4 keys to unlock.That is a huge problem. The mechanic only serves to future hurt an already frustrated player.Future purposing of the keys can't be an argument, it will simply be a horrible excuse for a currently bad design.A better way to do it is by simply not consume the keys in the first place.So instead of:5 keys - 3 keys + 4 keys = 6 keysit would be:5 keys + 1 key = 6 keysBam! Just like Super Mario 64 and most other games. Also.. why something so generic as keys? Why not keep to the theme of conquering? Like.. Castles? Cities? Might? Strength? Power? Houses of God?If there is supposed to be another purpose to the keys, then I'm sure seperating the keys from the unlocking of levels is only for the better. Else.. I can't wait to be proven wrong.70 UNIQUE AND DEFORMABLE LEVELSThat bring all the same circumstances and doesn't change your approach whatsoever!The only meaningful difference between levels can be found in your starting area as you will sometimes have to clean it up. Well there is more, like differently placed and different amounts of junk to get belief from and some heights that will depled your belief as you sculpt, but none of it is memorable.The quality of the level-designs are worse than randomly generated maps in other RTS's (like Age of Empires). Or maybe I should say it's the same quality? As I feel sorry for whoever had to sit and create these junk-levels. There is simply nothing to design a level from.Other games have meaningful mechanics to base the levels around. A game like Heroes of Might and Magic got plenty of entities to fill the map with. Games like Warcraft got ressources to control and units for land, water and air. An obscure title such as Gruntz got important equipables, powers and triggers around the maps.Godus Wars has nothing, but the opposition. It got mechanics that should allow for an ever changing battlefield. It got a Swamp spell that can make one way seem less favourable than another, it got a sculptable environment. The sculpting is however not reliable and impactful enough to use strategically in any big way.The current levels are all symmetrical Skirmish maps, the enemy AI is weak, but the current mechanics of the game doesn't allow for a more interesting AI, as it will only be able to create a boring tug-of-war against the player.Many other RTS's actually suffer the same problem, as it is not easy to make an intersting AI for such levels, infact, most RTS's singleplayer heavily relies on completely different scenarios. Populous: The Beginning's singleplayer maps tend to all be unfavourable to the player as he has to invade enemies already established bases while the enemy at times sends units out. The obscure game Gruntz main singleplayer mode is actually a Puzzle game using the exact mechanics as seen in the Skirmish maps, this creates a great environment to learn the player the full extend of the mechanics. And popular RTS's like Starcraft tend to give player a limited squad and various objectives throughout a map while the enemy units are spread out and only attack when provoked.Godus Wars store page says \"Maps that change as you play with the unique deformable land - No two battles will be the same! \" - and yet every battle can be put in a straight line.INClUDES FEATURELESS STUFF!4 playable Deities with a range of abilities A playable deity means you get 1 permanent card and 1 consumable card, that is it. So you pretty much get to choose your first permanent card between 4 choices. The consumable has no impact as you will get those more often than not after each victory and the one you get with the deity is not of a different quality than those you get from victories.The first permanent card you get with your deity also has no real impact in the long run as you will quickly gather similar permanent cards throughout your campaign.Saying that each choice of Deity are with \"a range of abilities\" is simply misleading.2 Deity opponents - including Bryan Henderson!Poor BryanVERDICT:The current build is not made with the consumers in mind. P.S. The Premium Content debacle is insulting and the store page was misinforming: Only the first line of what is included in the build mentioned content locked away behind a premium purchase while all the other lines boasts about content which includes the content that is locked away! This is obviously not meant to help the consumers make an informed purchase. It is decieving and misleading.\"The Early Access build includes:First continent included as standard - Second continent available unlock-able via premium addon. Over 70 unique and deformable levels 4 playable Deities with a range of abilities 2 base unit types - Archers & Catapults! 20 cards with 10 power levels! 2 Deity opponents - including Bryan Henderson! Original Godus included\",Posted: February 25, 2016Early Access ReviewTL; DR; version - Please, show some respect to yourself and don't buy this game. Even if it will be -99% discount. Just. Don't.I lost 1,5 hours on this crap. Ok, I don't describe it as playing the game. I was trying to play. Why I'm saying \"I tried to play\"? Because it crashes a lot. A LOT.It's not optimized at all. I don't even know how testers let it go to release to Early Access. I'm sure that games in Early Access should be playable somehow. Even Battlefield 4 on release was in better state, than this (and I think this is somehow an achivment for 22cans). This game I got for free for buying Godus. And you know what? I made a mistake when I supported Godus at first. I was tricked that it may be a new Populous game. I wanted this so much. And After 2 years under development of Godus, now I'm getting this. Shame, just shame. Why the hell you just cut something that should be as element of Godus and selling this as other game? This is my personal opinion, but Peter Molyneus is suffering a \"Benjamin Button case\". After Black and White, all his games is worse and worse.Friends don't let Friends plays Peter Molyneaux games.,Posted: February 3, 2016Early Access ReviewFirst of all: No, Peter, you didn't envision Godus as two different games, at least that's not what you initially said, so the first lie right at the start of the game.To the review then: I will treat this game as Godus 3.0, or higher, because with every version came the promise that everything is better and this is still fully based on Godus, so you don't get the \"It's a different game\"-treatment. BUT as bonus difficulty you have to meet todays standards for RTSs, because now you want to be an RTS also.Despite being in development for a very long time now, the game is very light contentwise. It's a bit of a backtrack to the first version of Godus, although you have to do less now. You are there to level the ground, so that your people (which you can't control) can build their houses on plots(which appear automatically) to generate belief (which now gets collected automatically, one of the few positive aspects). When you have enough belief, you build a fort (out of your houses that merge together automatically to a chunk with battlements) where you can recruit soldiers.These soldiers are somewhat controllable, although their pathfinding is terrible and the mouse response is too, and you send them to conquer and destroy the enemy village.Also the animations are clunky and ugly, the collision detection doesn't work that great resulting in corpses hovering above ground and blood splatters spread widely although the corpse is already gone.That's it for the beginning, so at the moment the game is neither fish nor meat, as RTS it falls flat on its face because there are way better ones out there, and the god game aspect is mainly moving around dirt to make way for plots, not very interesting either.VERDICT:I gave the first Godus the benefit of the doubt, rating it positive, because it showed promise and I changed my rating to negative when the support ceased and the game died. This time I will do it the other way round, so it gets a negative rating from the start (because it absolutely deserves this), BUT this version of Godus also shows promise, so if it gets way better and deeper than it is now, the rating might also change. As for now, NOT RECOMMENDED.(PS: And dear developers, get rid of that cheap mobil-ish feel of the game, as long as your plan isn't to use PC gamers as beta testers for mobile AGAIN, this won't do you any good.)"
"151"	"271460"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – A Day To Remember - “All I Want”"	2014-03-18	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"All I Want\" by A Day To Remember on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"152"	"525221"	"Dig 4 Destruction - Mask [Knight]"	2016-09-15	1.99	"Action,Massively Multiplayer,Casual"	"About This ContentThe Knight mask has arrived!By purchasing this DLC you will be able to use the 2 variations of the Knight mask.Try on these unique masks and set yourself apart in battle!Please update to the latest version of the game in order to purchase DLC>Check Here"	"when I launch the game with my Windows MR headset The game turns my controllers into oculus ones and sticks them to the floor please help,When I opened the game, the game appeared a similar list of things, when I met the consent of the list button, the game still can't be, surrounded by a piece of white, in addition to handle other all could not see.who can help me?,I want to ask why I open the game is the white screen, can not load the game.Please give me some advice.Thank you.,So friends-only game mode requires you to have four friends to start a match. It would be nice to have the option of friends vs AI (death match and team death match) or even just a 1v1.,"
"153"	"637755"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Band of Horses - “The Funeral”"	2017-10-10	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"The Funeral\" by Band of Horses on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"154"	"678004"	"Train Simulator: East Coast Main Line Modern: York - Peterborough Route Add-On"	2018-04-06	39.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentFeel the weight of history on the modern East Coast Main Line between York and Peterborough! A critical part of the ECML, the York-Peterborough route is alive with freight, commuter and high-speed services for you to try.A line linking London and Edinburgh was envisaged in the 1840s. When the ‘North British’, ‘North Eastern’ and ‘Great Northern’ railway companies built their own routes, they also joined up at certain locations to provide a seamless connection across the eastern face of England and Scotland.The three companies worked in tandem to provide through services from London, out of King’s Cross which was built in 1852, and Edinburgh, where Waverley station first saw trains in 1866, replacing older stations in the capital of Scotland.When British railway companies were grouped to form the “Big Four” in 1923, the NBR, NER and GNR of the East Coast Main Line became the London & North Eastern Railway (LNER), and it was in this era when the ECML would be propelled into fame.The LNER got itself into something of an ongoing rivalry with the West Coast’s LMS, each competing to provide faster connections between London and Scotland. The LNER came out on top with the A4 Pacific ‘4468 Mallard’ which, on the ECML just south of Grantham, set the world speed record for steam at 126 mph.The ECML is also home to LNER’s famed non-stop “Flying Scotsman” service, which still operates today, and plays host to the fastest British electric locomotive, the Class 91, which reached an impressive 161.7 mph, almost in the same location as Mallard’s record just over 50 years prior. Combined with the late 1980s 140mph speed trial tests in the Class 91 which took place, the track between Peterborough and York is some of Britain’s fastest.Seeing dozens of trains daily and transporting millions of passengers every year, the East Coast Main Line provides a vital link between notable UK towns and cities..Experience this lovingly recreated piece of railway history as you move passengers and freight through classic stations such as Doncaster and Retford. With a range of included scenarios for the Class 66, 91 and 158, there’s tons for you to try inside!Included ScenariosBelmont Yard – York (Freight)Doncaster – Newark (Freight)Grantham – Doncaster Non-stopHexthorpe – Marshgate (Freight)Newark – Doncaster WorksPeterborough – Tallington (Freight)Peterborough – York Non-stopSelby - YorkYork – Doncaster WorksMore scenarios are available on the Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesECML Modern covers the 112 route miles from Peterborough to YorkIncludes 7 main line stations and Doncaster Works which includes the interior for the main works buildingIncludes 8 YardsIncludes EWS Class 66, InterCity Class 91 and Class 158 trains 10 scenarios including freight, commuter and high-speed experiences reproducing the InterCity Swallow era of the East Coast Main Line toward the end of the 1990s!Includes the European Loco & Asset PackQuick Drive CompatibleDownload size: 189.9mb Class 91 Key FeaturesBR Class 91 in InterCity Swallow liveryWorking ‘sharp end’ and ‘blunt end’ driving cabsWorking cab in Mk4 DVTDRA, AWS and vigilance device reset, and cruise controlFull rake of Mk4 passenger coachesPassenger viewClass 158 Key FeaturesIncludes three debranded liveriesAccurate cab and controlsClass 66 Key FeaturesClass 66 in EWS liveryAccurate PBL brake control and centre-sprung brake leverAccurate engine and horn soundsJGA aggregate hopper wagonsOTA timber wagons"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 3You press the butten to open or close the door and nothing happens. You loose time on that, and you lose the game. Fix it."
"155"	"705000"	"OctorSpace"	NA	NA	"Action,Indie,Casual"	"About This GameQUICK FEATURES- 3 pre made campaigns for 18 levels with hidden levels and secrets- Level editor lets you make levels and campaigns- Procedural wave generation both from scratch and from pre built wave formations and patterns- Different and unlockable pilots that affect stats- More than a dozen power ups- 3 default weapons you can change on the fly- 7 extra weapons that shoot with drones and have limited ammo- Shields that recharge when you shoot something- Fun special attacks that are always charging. They charge more when you’re not shooting.- 30+ enemy types- Level editor lets you assign power ups to enemies for even more diversity- Animated enemies- Health lets you take plenty of damage along with a rechargeable shield that reflects projectiles- 3 selectable vessels each with their own default weapons and specials- Selectable Weapons to configure your ship- Up to 2 players with multiple controller and keyboard support along with key rebinding"	""
"156"	"1049900"	"Workers & Resources: Soviet Republic - Soundtrack"	2019-03-15	2.99	"Strategy,Indie,Simulation"	"About This ContentTracklist:1. Main Theme (02:18)2. Soviet Electro (02:14)3. Plan Filled to 130% (02:27)4. Sergey (02:07)5. Songs of Harvesting (02:37)6. Svetlana (02:24)7. The Rise of Metallurgy (1:56)8. Working for the Leader (02:29)9. Anthem of Soviet Republic (02:33)10. Soviet Republic's Army Choir (02:30)11. Worker's March (02:19)12. Better Tomorrow  (02:10)13. Future Arrived to the Republic (02:11)"	"Hello Comrades,A bit later than usual - but I posting now new version to default branch for everyone! Hope you will enjoy it (if you not already tested it on the beta branch :-) )I hope next week I will able to bring a fixes for the problems with out of video RAM issues, causing a corrupted saves while saving (without crashing), or not able to play at all in case your PC is not so powerful or you map too big. Let's see how it will turn out!Now back to the current update, there are differences from previous version:Worth to mention:Added new prefab apartmentsAdded small shopping centerSerious issue fixed with unemployment rate calculation and fact there was only few workers available for work in specific city setupImproved chain signal and train routing functionality (even seems still there are issues)Increased tolerance climb/descend for roads/rails and other infrastructureNew flatten tool (takes height of flattening from initial mouse cursor position/height, this height is saved until you keep pressed LMB)Construction offices - improved autosearch and added filter which construction should office searchTweaked max. number of citizens for apartments buildingsAdded approximate visualization of autosearch for offices/farms/firestation and hospitalsBugfixesSome improvements on stabilityDetailed description of issues:0.7.4.6Improved chain signal (fixed few issues)Anoter fix to prevent crash when maximum city names (100) is reached0.7.4.7Added functionality to check possible error when vehicle can't find route, open the vehicle window and wait until an inspect icon appear (if game get idea where is error)Fixed missing T815 from purchase listFixed problem with electricity, showing big wattage even no consumption - even issue is quite serious, it seems it is just counting/visual error in result, but to fix in your map is required to demolish and build again the switches, transformers or sub stations.. fix it by the code would be too risky so rather to decided fix this wayAdded new prefab apartmentsIntroduced \"quality of flats\" parameter for residential buildings - it affect citizens similar way than unsatisfied citizens reaction, if higher flats quality the citizens react slightly less negatively when they have unsatisfied demandsTweaked number of citizens to live in the apartments, previously was values too random, now it reflect to actual building cubic meters living-space and the quality of flats too :)Added small shopping center to save your space in the cities0.7.4.8Tweaked tolerance for roads/rails climb or descend in critical like crossings, connection to buildings, multi-track building etc, now should be much more comfortableAdded new flatten tool typeIncrease raise, lower and flatten strengthFixed a crash when road depot is constructed by construction office Fixed crash when loading save with small corruptions in the list of building where should go workers/students from residential buildingsAdded verification of pipelines to avoid crashes at loading0.7.4.9Fixed some issues with path-finding optimizations like ambulances can't find way back to hospital, etc, to avoid that vehicles send somewhere and can't find route back, now they will not send thereConstruction office can now auto-search also sidewalk, constructions connected by sidewalks only, also conveyors, pipelines, simple everything :-) Construction office now searching construction all time (every 15 seconds) not only if have empty queue - hopefully your babysitting of construction office will be over!Added approximate visualization of search-distance for construction office, and also hospital and fire station, or farmNow the concrete mixers and trucks going for asphalt waiting until not fully loaded (in case no workers at concrete plant or asphalt plant)Construction office - now you can select what types of constructions should office search (like roads only, conveyors, buildings, etc)Now the buses should bring workers according priority where it needed, prioritized are the construction where no machines can be present - like short roads, then a constructions where are present cranes, then other constructions and finally a constructions with mechanism present (like with excavators, etc).Buses will now not bring workers to construction until there are not present all materials, same for construction vehicles.Railway construction office search should be now much faster (better optimized), previously was there small freezes in case huge railway networkRailway construction office - now should be construction find even if behind the stationIf string is not defined in additional language, English string is used instead blank spaceSerious issue was fixed in citizens mechanics, issues was the workers with some unsatisfied demands constantly remain in free time mode longer that it should, constantly going to bus/train station and then back home, now they should be on bus station only once during one cycleAnother issue with this mechanics was that those citizens which not get what they want, and was on bus/train station, they was marked as unemployed0.7.4.10Fixed issues when inaccessible buildings and infrastructure added to construction office as constructionFixed issue when railway constructions added to non railway construction officeFixed bug in bus mechanics for prioritizing constructions according amount of workers present on constructionsFixed bug in bus mechanics not prioritizing construction with cranes presentFixed hospital issues, some citizens remain stranded insideFixed issue that some of the citizens unable to move to another apartment,Done the research but cant find the Chemical Plant,I greet all party members!Last Wednesday I was not able to bring an update to the default branch, simple I was not able to catch it :-), due to many big fixes and those chain signals! Sorry.Short/worth to mention description fixing signals problems + signal help arrows better pathfinding (no more routes with less crossings over shorter) added chain signals  improved/fixed vehicle copy 5 new music tracks fixed stability issuesNote1:Now there are now chain signals, I try bring my tutorial for it tomorrow!Note2:Road vehicles can't find way after update? Kind of know issue or expected issue due to optimizations introduced. Your problem is probably that start (vehicle position) and destination are close each other, but through road network they are much more remote/distant. Currently if through road is route 4 longer than beeline (through-air) distance road vehicles may fail to find route. Workaround, is place some dummy stop in the schedule in-between those problematic buildings.Note3Also I already get few really big maps with 70K+ citizens. I experienced I believe almost same issue as on poor PCs. Then I realized what causing the issue - it was screen capture software - it's causing a out of memory (even according windows on GPU was many Gigabytes free, but this memory is some special memory used for dynamic things like copy one texture to another, etc) So in case you not have so powerful PC, or your map is extremely big, turn OFF rather any screen capture software and maybe it will runs betterDetailed description:0.7.4.1Fixed problem sometime when track building train was placed to rail office, it remains as ghost on railtrack blocking semaphores for trains or road vehiclesFixed problem that sometime train passed semaphore but it reset signal to green while another train is in the blockSometime signal not updated it's status properly - mainly for signals placed before the dead-end of railtrackFixed problem when due to low FPS sometime train passed semaphore on red colorFixed when rail track building trainset passed signals during construction of railtrack it was not properly update/unblock this signalNow is impossible to place signals on the railway crossing, or road crossingNow is impossible to build railtrack over the signalsIf health and happiness for worker was 0% it may crash the game, now fixedIf kids with finished basic education not able to get on university, warning is not displayed in residential buildingFixed problem when vehicles sometime freeze at middle of road.. (but if they are already freezes they will not move even with update), but next time should not freeze (note: there may be more vehicles freeze bugs)When train comes to custom house unload fuel/bitumen/oil or aggregate materials too.. now will unload both bitumen and fuel same timeWhen bridge ends in the air it was possible to build a road from the end of bridge, now is not possibleOn school or university there sometime remains kids or citizens very long time, and they was achieved 10.0 education level, now fixed :-)Serious issue fixed, sometime workers not step into trains even it they shouldFixed problems with vehicle schedule copy.. sometime caused crash or confusion of vehiclesAdded possibility to select also trains from depot while using the schedule copySometime tunnel portal disappeared during construction after loading saved game, now fixedNow is possible to build tunnel with resources0.7.4.2Fixed Italian language crashesSignals are now on right side of the trackAdded chain signalFixed storage status (top panel) - it was inaccurateFixed error in signals when train is sell when all wagons completely at stationFixed error in signals when rail track construction is suspended and trainset completely on the stationOptimized path-finding (less short-freezes during game, in case you have big road network)Optimized path-finding - now the shorter way should be preferredPath-finding now the faster roads should be preferred Fixed problem when X cross at double track railway was not able to build in some occasionFixed problem that sometime the junction/railtrack connection was not properly built and not worksFixed problem when on signal remains red color, when faster movement or low FPSAdded help marks when rail tools are selected to better visible which signals are placedCircuit breaker limit increased for buildings like warehouses or cargo station to avoid voltage jumpings (this may be fixed if you rebuild the building)0.7.4.5Fixes for Japanese languageFixes for Polish languageResolved bug with stuck dumper at access to construction office (preventing to re-appear, not fixing if it's already broken)Fixed problem when very short piece of road constructed, vehicle may go offroadFixed crash when vehicle enter construction - problem was vehicle was sent to construction even it has a vehicle loaded manually on the hullFixed crash when reaching a number of predefined cities names (A weir name is now generated)Added 5 new music tracks into game (soon they will be added to soundtrack too)-Decreased memory consumption (and quality) of sky textures, let's see what happens,Posted: April 28Early Access ReviewClosing to 400 hours now, and man, I am addicted to this game.I sometimes even dream about the next 5 years plan and how to bring more development to my communist utopia.How to make things more effective.It's a joy to plan your next district or industrial complex, your next transportation system and let it grow while reading 'Das Kapital' for some knowledge.The game is still filled with bugs, glitches and some CTDs, but they have been fixed, week after week.With some new buildings being introduced in the mean time.There's a long roadmap in the works and soon mod support which will only add to this game.Developed is active in the foruns, gathering information and releasing weekly fixes.Do I think my money was worth it? Let my 364.6 hours (at moment) speak for itself.,Posted: May 1Early Access ReviewWow, this game is something else. I've played everything from Sim City, Banished, Tropico, Cities:Skylines, and even good old Sim Town (which is what got me hooked in this genre as a kid). But this... this has the potential to be the best of any of them. I know I only have a few hours in this one, but my mind is blown by the intricacies of the logistical system and just how challenging the game is. There aren't very many games that are inherently difficult; yes, we do have \"Hard\" or \"Very Hard\" settings in other games, but that's just making the game more difficult for the sake of it, not actually changing the inherent nature of the game.Where this game is brilliant is that it gives you nothing. True, you can play Unlimited money, but (speaking for myself) that's something I never choose. Having to think through multiple delivery systems and how to get goods from Point A to Point B is amazingly challenging. Not only do you have to figure THAT part out, but you have to put people in most of the buildings, which entails designing the transportation system for that to happen. This game doesn't hold your hand; you will lose all of your money (inevitably) and have to start over simply because the game is hard. Not because you destroy yourself with a UFO invasion or asteroids falling from the sky. That said, the difficulty makes this game rewarding to people who like inherently complex, challenging things.There are some negatives that I've noticed in my limited time, and that most people mention so I won't dwell on them too heavily here. First, the building placement is a little wonky (quite a bit actually). Buildings have rather large radii and nothing can pass through that, which is understandable except when it isn't. The terrain leveling is also kind of weird and makes things fairly difficult. That said, those are the things I've noticed. The developer is very active in fixing a lot of issues (or at leas that's what it seems like; I haven't been with this since Day 1 so I don't know). Other things I think could be better: 1) more citizen management-type stuff. The title is WORKERS and Resources, so it would be nice to have things you could do to influence the workers. I don't care for the level of detail where you click on someone and find out their information, because that's not applicable here, but a little bit more reason to care about the citizens would be nice. 2) I don't know if this will happen at some point, but I hope modding becomes a part of the game. I can only imagine the visual assets the community could generate for this. 3) it could be nice to have some foreign relations aspect of this, where prices are dualistic, in that Soviet prices are different than capitalistic ones, such that the player has to consider who they are importing to and how it affects relationships with all parties. Again, this may be outside the scope of the game, but I think this game has amazing potential (some of which is already realized) and at this point my hopes are sky-high. I generally hate Early Access games. I've been burned, so I was initially hesitant on this one. However, the current state of the game IS ENOUGH to justify purchase. Don't let the Early Access designation scare you.,Posted: April 29Early Access ReviewThis game is absolutely amazing.Everything is incredibly in depth, from building a house to delivering sending an ambulance. The best part is probably the resource system. If I want to build a house I'll need some prefab panels from a prefab factory, but a prefab factory needs gravel from a gravel processing plant, but that needs stone to function. Everything is interconnected.The Soviet setting is also good too. It has Lenin statues.Lenin.,Есть несколько логистических недочетов в игре относящихся к снабжению зданий ресурсами. Конкретнее автотранспортом.В связи с отсутствие...,Hello Comrades,Seems Wednesday is good time to post update (as previous week), maybe Wednesday will be a update day! We will see! :-)Anyway, I think now most of critical issue fixed! Really seems much less crashes and critical issues (or maybe nobody playing the game :-) ), but sure there may be still urgent issues, so let us know about it in forum or on support page.I will slowly get more focus on the new features and/or various tweaks.. and for new content update - still as first BIG update I wanted to bring you the personal cars mechanics, which is already almost finished.. also maybe a car/vehicle plant factory.. so you will able to manufacture own vehicles... aside of new vehicles from Poland, also some Romanian locomotives and other vehicles awaiting to export into game... Also we have prepared an new prefab buildings (you can check them on our FB or VK page) and also small shopping centre - where both grocery and shop in one building to save the place!Here are list of issues fixed, let us know if you think any critical issues rises up:0.7.3.18 Fixed some error while loading a save, which could cause save failure Fixed that rail construction office sometime was not taking the resources from connected storages properly Now should car not get struck at access into construction office or concrete or asphalt plant Fixed problem when hospital is on fire and ambulances are confused Fixed off road problem, now should vehicles not go offroad Luck! I maybe managed to fix this issue with the fuel vehicles.. discovered very serious problem, which could sure caused this all refuel problem - or even also crashes, so hope this is now fixed.. if anybody get with this newest version this fuel bug (vehicles driving to strange buildings, or far away) let me know! Added code for footpaths validation to avoid crashes at loading or saving (same is already in use for a road validation and seems working good) There was not shown the coal or iron transported on conveyor from mine Fixed some crash when building railway with resources and trackbuilders Very annoying SFX glitch was removed when more vehicles on map0.7.3.19increased speed of loading / unloading passengers from vehicles by 100%citizens/passengers waiting on the station when they are going to enjoy free time, their counter is slowed down now, while they waiting on the station, so they should catch more things, even not near their hometweak - now should workers step into bus even if in all factories are still workers.. fixed problem when vehicle can't find way to unload resources on workers when building footpathsometimes there was situation that 3 or more trucks block each other.. now should be fixed0.7.3.20 V3S truck was not able to purchase for woodcutting post, now fixed 75m tower crane is now available from 1976 to avoid confusion - until this year not exist a truck for it fixed problem, the station check boxes was not saved/loaded properly fixed when building not have functional footpath or road connection, in case of someone from it's citizens get very sick and need ambulance, ambulances trying the find the way constantly and cause long freezes (few seconds), now freezes should be just very short, or any.. depends on your road network Improved verification of footpath and roads (remove badly created segments on load) to avoid crashes Fixed when vehicle waiting to load or unload, there was many consumption of electricity, while no material load/unload, in case storage is empty and vehicle waiting, no electricity is consumpted now Added a functionality for copy vehicle schedule!!!! :-) finally.. 0.7.4.0 Small tweak on functionality of copy vehicle schedule, now you are copy vehicle schedule TO vehicle you select (not vice versa as before.. so you don't need to open every vehicle window) just select the vehicle which is already programmed.. and select vehicles which should behave like the one you have selected - thanks to guys on beta branch for suggestion :-) (small edit in code, but big improvement in effectivity :-) ) Another fix of infrastructure validation to avoid crash during saving Fixed freezes during fire (if building not have proper road connections), with dense road-network firetruck trying to find way cause freezes,Hallo,ich wollte mich bei machen und ein neues Wohngebiet in einemrel. unpassendem Gelände errichten.Da ich auf sehr schwer spiele muss dabei gespart werden und ich habe mir dafür Planiergerät + Raupe zugelegt.Wie aber bitte setzt man die ein ??? ...,I am finding the game far less challenging since the OPed (IMO) the leveling tools. It used to be a challenge to build things as you approached the hills and almost impossible to build in the mountains. Is it possible to have a setting to make this like i...,Is there any way to upgrade railways besides deleting them and building a new track on them? I have all my towns connected with wood based railways and I'd like not to spend all the time manually deleting and re doing them."
"157"	"893882"	"Primus Vita ''I'll soon meet with you'' - Comic #2"	2018-06-15	0.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentPrimus Vita ''I'll Soon Meet With You'' Issue 2Once again follow Crew 121 on their mission on Primus Vita.Austin and Hayao make important discoveries while the rest of the team is on an exploration adventure on the far away planet."	"Hi thereWhen do you planning to release episode 2?,As per usual when a game looks interresting I search for existing threads that asks if a Linux version will be released. Seeing there was none well I just made one.I know that a recent update to the wishlist system allows devs and publishers to see how ...,I've completed the game and found all clues and mementos but the achievements \"Curious\" and \"Avid Finder\" remain locked.,When I start the game, everything seems fine.  Menu's work, I can see my relationships, mementos, clues, etc.  However at some point during the Artemis portion of the game, the menu glitches out and looks stretched and unreadable.  (I hope the link below,The option is there but does nothing. Any chance of getting it fixed?"
"158"	"414680"	"Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder - OST"	2015-11-03	2.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentIt's the Soundtrack of DARKNESS WITHIN 1, in \"192kbps MP3's\" format. Featuring 31 tracks totaling one hour and 25 minutes of eerie atmospheric music.Track list:01 - Main Menu Theme 1 (4:48)02 - Reptile's Dream (5:07)03 - Beneath The Well (4:29)04 - Loath Nolder's Office Theme 1 (1:28)05 - Loath Nolder's Office Theme 2 (1:02)06 - Clark's Mansion Theme 1 (6:25)07 - Clark's Mansion Theme 2 (6:35)08 - Premonition (1:17)09 - Ivar's Cabin Theme 1 (4:54)10 - Ivar's Cabin Theme 2 (5:09)11 - Braunbell's Mansion Theme (1:49)12 - Madness (1:48)13 - Howard's Residence Theme 1 (1:17)14 - Howard's Residence Theme 2 (1:43)15 - Cemetery Theme (5:12)16 - Main Menu Theme 2 (2:35)17 - Puzzle Solved (0:07)18 - Dream Hall (1:18)19 - Jediah's Waiting (1:44)20 - Run Away (1:15)21 - On The Cliff (2:21)22 - Something's Wrong (1:33)23 - Speaking With Loath Nolder (1:40)24 - Terror (2:08)25 - Radio Music 1 (2:10)26 - Radio Music 2 (2:44)27 - Radio Music 3 (1:44)28 - Radio Music 4 (3:12)29 - Radio Music 5 (2:30)30 - Credits (3:00)31 - Bonus - Clark's Recording (1:48)"	"Bonjour, j'ai un proplème avec ce jeu, je sauvegarde mais lorsque je reviens au jeu je me retrouve au départ. Quelqu'un peut-il m'aider svp ? Merci,Is there any similar game to this? I'm looking for FPP point n click game, dark and mystery atmosphere would be nice too. I was looking through tags on Steam, but it mostly suggests me games like Amnesia or Outlast. I want it to be point n click game.,it might sound weird but its the only game that does this. I have a desktop and the sound comes out of the computer tower. I really have no idea what this is and this is the only game that does this,Does anyone else have a problem with game suddenly crashing.  Let's say you leave Nolder's office after you start the game, arrive at Clark's house, then click to go forward and suddenly the game stops and gives you the \"Darkness Within.exe has stopped wo...,It as the first game i started thinking about making these achievements, because when I played it for the first time It said Achiveent accomplished, you found something with myself with two faces, then I stopped playing for a while and had to reinstall it..."
"159"	"917930"	"Fantasy Grounds - Forest Kingdom Campaign Compendium (5E)"	2018-08-29	29.99	"Indie,RPG,Strategy,Software,Fantasy,Utilities"	"About This ContentForest Kingdom Campaign CompendiumInto the Woods!Step under the shadowed boughs of the forest realm to find a wild world of magic, mystery, monsters, and more! From the misty boreal taiga of the cold northern reaches to wondrous glades of enchanting fey beauty, the Forest Kingdom Campaign Compendium from Legendary Games offers a wealth of amazing expansions for your wilderness campaign using the 5th Editionof the world's most famous RPG! Within this fantastic tome you will find:Dozens of new character options for your campaign on the borderlands, including fighter and ranger archetypes like the explorerranger and unicorn charger,bardic college, druid circles, warlock pacts and boons, and more!Over 20 spectacular spells and feats perfect for wilderness adventuring, like Fairy Blessing, shield of light,and dirge of the victorious knights!Over 60 incredible creatures, from friendly fey like pixies and satyrs to frightful foes like barrow wights to wendigos, plus forest dragons from taiga linnorms to jungle kongomato, and fanciful creatures like the jabberwock, jubjub bird, and frumious bandersnatch!Dozens of new magic items ideal for trailblazing in the wild, like the scout's spyglass, plow of the abundant harvest,and staff of the fey queen!Eight richly developed wilderness-themed characters are contained here as well, each with a detailed history and connections with one another but easily usable in any wilderness campaign as rivals or allies.Two complete adventures, with your heroes braving bloody vengeance among the barbarian tribes on Cold Mountainfor 4th-level characters and saving unicorns from an unseelie fate in Horns of the Huntedfor 6th-level PCs.Plus chapters on running forest- or fey-themed campaigns and building your own border kingdom in the wilderness, including love and bargains between mortals and the fey, the incursion of faerie magic into the natural world, tournaments and festivals, jousting and archery, villains in nature, and even sample kingdoms!If your heroes are heading into the woods, this richly detailed and lavishly illustrated book is a resource you don't want to be without! The Forest Kingdom Campaign Compendium is packed with great material for players and GMs alike, the perfect companion for any wilderness campaign to help Make Your Game Legendary!Converted by: Charles SuretteReleased on August 04, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.5 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included 5E Compatible ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"160"	"575560"	"Space Badminton VR"	2016-12-29	1.99	"Sports,VR"	"About This GameSpace Badminton is the worlds first VR Badminton simulation. It will test your true badminton skills against a sophisticated and skilled artificially intelligent space robot. You will fight against the AI robot to become the badminton champion. Space Badminton takes place in the deep space, where you are given the power to defy GRAVITY by the power of jet boosters. Use this to your advantage in defeating the AI robot. Good Luck !!!"	"Posted: December 31, 2016Bad physics, bad controls. If you are looking for a realistic vr badminton, don't bother.,Posted: December 2, 2017You are unable to turn or move, It works on other games, this one is just broken,Posted: October 22, 2017I'm not sure why anyone would think this is a realistic or simulation Badminton VR game.  I would think the word SPACE Badminton VR would cure anyone of any misconception that this is anything but an arcade badminton VR game.  I played this on the Oculus Rift with Touch Controllers and had zero issues.  My main problem with the game is that I usually was facing the wrong way to start the game (away from my front facing sensors).  However, you can use your thrusters to correct the way you're facing, although it's not exactly easy to do.The thrusters add a layer of difficulty and frustration that is not present in other table tennis / tennis / badminton games.  The good part of that is that there is no teleportation and you have to get to where the shuttlecock is served.  I found the beginner difficulty to be very difficult.  Even serving the ball is pretty hard as you have to hit the shuttlecock and land it in a small area and it's just difficult to control without a lot of practice.  However, I did find the game to play predictably.  In other words, I could tell when I hit the shuttlecock well and where it would generally land.  So it just takes some practice and getting used to the game mechanics.  So is this game worth $1.24?  Oh yeah, it's easily the best badminton game at the sale price of $1.25 or less category.  Is it the best badminton game?  NOT EVEN CLOSE.  High Clear VR is much better.  But I do recommend this game at the sale price and it's different enough to recommend even if you have High Clear VR.Rating 6/10 (sale price rating, I probably woudn't recommend this game at $5),Posted: October 30, 2017This is a really cool game! Unfortunately it has a few bugs and could use more polish, but it doesn't seem to be in active development anymore. I would still recommend picking it up for a dollar or two if you have any interest in playing badminton in space."
"161"	"796770"	"Toddler Simulator"	2018-03-05	3.99	"Indie,Simulation,Casual"	"About This GameHave you ever wanted to re-live your days as toddler? The carefree joy of bringing your pain to those around you? The destruction? The chaos? The anarchy? This is your chance.Trash the bedroom, mess up the bathroom, then discover what lays beyond the front door as you roam freely in a vast world. Leave an extensive trail of destruction in your wake. The huge world that awaits you is filled with dozens of enterable houses and buildings, driveable cars, various missions, heaps of collectables, hidden areas, and more.You destroy stuffOpen world to exploreYou can jump really highPuke on demandDriving forklifts is funOver the top and funny physicsThe toddler does dancesLike breakdancing and the chicken dance and stuffDo you have any gameplay hints?In many cases it's important to get yourself into a silly mood (maybe get drunk first) to fully enjoy and appreciate this game. Yes really.It's fun to customize your character - press [H] any time in game. Don't forget the accessories!Make sure you EXPLORE! Cars are a great way to get around quickly. There are lots of areas to go to and many things to do - look out for the industrial area, the ghetto, the fire station, the park, the farm, the caravan park, and more!Find the golden nappies - these give you an upgrade of speed, strength, or vomit distance!"	"Posted: March 5, 2018In my personal opinion, this game has a lot of untapped potential and a lot of potential to be funny. At the moment, the game just seems sort of empty. Which would be expected of a game in Early Access, however this game is a full release. I feel as though this game was an unfinished project wrapped up and sold as a finished product. It is, by no means a bad game. Pros: -The physics are fun-Theres a decent upgrade system-Huge open map-Lots to exploreCons:-While the world felt open and explorable, it felt very empty. There were few things to actually interact with, and the things they had were all very similar. -It seems to try and sell itself as the next Goat Simulator, which would be fine except there are so many things in the environment that you feel like should be interactive and they aren't.            -People run away from you on sight and you can't interact with them at all. Not even by hitting them with cars.             Theres no point in them being there.           -Fences and objects that seem like they should be destructible are solid objects that cant be moved.            -Can't break through doors or windows in the starting house, but you can launch a couch 40 feet in the air with a             single swing of your toddler fist.Most of these are small nitpicks, but they made the game feel very empty and uninteractive for me, especially for a simulator game. Another con is that your toddler character can throw objects all around by hitting them, but exploding barrels have almost no effect. They were very unsatasfying. I am not gonna say that this game is bad. If you could tweak some things to possibly make it better and more fun to play, give it some depth and some more interactivity, it could be really good. and I would be happy to come back and change my review. I will be following the game development as it goes. I hope to see some good things.,Posted: March 5, 2018An awful shadow of Goat Simulator with none of the charm.Ugly, empty world with assets strewn about.The only interaction you have is to run into them and punch, both of which just flip things over.The \"toddler\" will vomit and say \"no\".https://youtu.be/WTjaVYvZFU8,Posted: December 25, 2018Best benchmark i've seen in years. This badboi can stress even the most overpriced Intel® i9 cpus.Just buy it,Posted: September 13, 2018good game,Posted: December 24, 2018Incredible game, insane graphics, beautiful performance hundreds of hours of fun would recommend,Posted: August 3, 2018This is a terrible game. Feels like an unfinished product. The people in this world float about and not even running them over with cars cause them no harm. It is almost as bad as John the Zombie."
"162"	"674920"	"Fantasy Grounds - Underworld Races & Classes (5E)"	2017-07-26	29.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Utilities,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Online Co-Op,Software,Party-Based RPG,Dungeons & Dragons,Old School"	"About This ContentThe Underworld Awaits!Underworld Races & Classes is the essential underworld reference book for advanced players and GMs of the 5th edition of the world's most popular roleplaying game. It contains new races and subraces, expands upon the lore of fan-favorites like the drow, and brings back a sense of excitement and exploration to subterranean realms.Use this book to play new underworld races like blood-sucking humanoid bats, bizarre deep-sea creatures that see the world through sonar, and savage, bestial crocodile-men. Marvel at exotic vistas: landscapes of living crystal, lush mushroom jungles, and vast underground oceans unimaginable in size. Play races and classes that represent an underworld more wondrous and weirder than you ever dared to dream.Underworld Races & Classes offers 14 new races and subraces, plus a wealth of new alternate classes, class options, feats and much more.Within this module you'll find:New options for fan-favorites like the drow and the dour grey dwarvesDetailed information on the weird, never-before-seen races and their distinct cultures—including the four-armed, insectoid hoyrall and the quasi-undead, cheerful dødelig-halflingsInnovative, optional rules for sonar, crafted with the help of a blind gamerRazor wires, explosive mushrooms, magical sappers, and web-slingingOptional, highly customizable firearm rulesNew feats, items, spells, and monsters... and much, much more!Don't be content with just encountering the wonders below—be one of them!Released on July 06, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.2.2 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included 5E Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"163"	"924190"	"Fantasy Grounds - Sci-fi Species, Volume 7 (Token Pack)"	2018-08-16	8.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Software,Sci-fi"	"About This ContentSci-fi Species, Volume 7Take your game to the stars and into the depths of infinity with Monster Grin's 132 unique tokens of sci-fi species, each usable as PCs, NPCs, mooks, friends, or foes! Stunningly depicted science-fiction characters will become aliens, androids, lazer-totin' goons, planetary patriarchs, fuzzy pals, or utterly odd encounters in your next thrilling adventure in the deepest reaches of the final frontier!Utilize Monster Grin's Token Halo System to create different types of teams (red, gold, green, black, silver, or blue), or even different levels of the same kind of creature (i.e. boss, high, medium, or low level) to help keep track of what's what and who's who and bring your game up to date!This token pack includes (ringed in black, blue, gold, green, greyscale, and silver, as well as ethereal, invisible, stone-skinned, sand-skinned, and altered state versions):Male Aldebarans AlienSexless Artopods AlienMale Balloonman AlienMale Brainman AlienSexless Craterman AlienMale Lepus AlienConverted by: James HollowayReleased on August 13, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.6 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"164"	"949663"	"ShapeSim - Items & Props Pack 4"	2018-09-20	9.99	"Design & Illustration,Free to Play,Simulation,Animation & Modeling,Game Development"	"About This Content100 items and props expansion set for ShapeSim, the most easy to use VR world creator.Have you ever dreamed of creating virtual worlds?But don't know where to start or overwhelmed by 3d software's screenfuls of buttons and knobs?Try ShapeSim, currently the most easy to use scene builder and world constructor.Simply grab an object/prop and place it to where you like it, and whichever direction you want it to face. All as natural and familiar as playing with toys in real life.Choose from hundreds of free and premium items and props ranging from furniture, vehicles, to people/animals/plants and castles. With something for everyone, realize the vision in your imagination.Additional features:-if you are a writer, import dialog texts you have written and teach them to people in your world.-duplicate props freely and as much as your computer can handle-Shrink/enlarge items, or make them float in air.-1000 items/props and counting"	"Minor improvement:-When using the white or blue glove to place item from hand to world, the placed item no longer disappears after items are scrolled.-When switching workspaces, the teleporter grabbed would no longer appear detached from its hierarchy once moved.-Background is now a more majestic abstract landscape,Soon after game starts, game crashes each and every time. Just see the gameworld and then it's crash. I'm on Oculus Rift with Windows 10.,When I launch the game, I can see \"Made with Unity\" and then I see a blue screen, with beige. help please,^,Leisure Town construction set released,Hi there friendsJust put up a new build and here is what's changedNew:-Added gallery room (user's starting location). Touch a model/sculpture to teleport into other environments-Added forest environment-Added teleportation portal in each environment..."
"165"	"584690"	"Official Visual Book of Koi Musubi"	2017-01-27	3.99	"Indie"	"About This ContentOfficial Visual Book of Koi-MusubiInside 36pages contains the following:1. IllustratorPublicity pictures, solidarity pictures, visual images2. Role descriptionCharacter standing pictures, expression sets, clothing, and text settings3.CG setCG used in the game, and the fairy tale picture4. Fairy tales and lettersIncluding the endings of the purple letters5. Set the draftThe role of the setting picture a total of four, more than thirty sheetsIn addition to line drawings, there are drafts6. Production PostscriptPlanning, characters the original case, dubbing, music, sound effects, interfaces and other members of the development of the story and experience"	"Hello everyone:Here is a good news for you!Now we are making English version cause that a volunteer, Woosk's help!He runs an NV review site. If you want to know the games he recommends, you can go to the following website[www.sinicalanimenetwork.com].We have finished Chp.3 now, we'll keep working to make it!,This looks interesting would be happy if you plan an English translation at some point.,刚刚因为什么第九日和UMVC3去看了看新品，然后就看见了OST。3月10日出来啊。希望别再闹上次设定集那样的事情了。还有封面好漂亮。,Hello everyone,Narrator's new work 'Lingua Fleur: Lily' is on sale now! this VN is focused on friendship, love, troubles, efforts, and confusions between girls. Made with illustrations, animations, and original music, this story tells of the protagonist Yuyi Wu's secret, one very different from an 'ordinary' girl. Told in a gentle and ordinary style.This time we make ENGLISH version at frist! which is translated by Sienna Plus Translations.Although koi musubi is not available in English, if you want to be our work, you may try 'Lingua Fleur: Lily' frist. ːkoimusu3ː,RT，steam抽风还是厂家问题？,不知道哪里不对  死活进不去紫瑾线啊···,不会是我naive的制作组又闹出小乌龙了吧？哈哈哈不管了。看设定集去咯~"
"166"	"556610"	"Fantasy Grounds -  1 on 1 Adventures #7: Eyes of the Dragon (3.5E/PFRPG)"	2016-11-15	5.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentOne on One Adventures #7Eyes of the DragonDesigned for 1 GM and 1 player, monk level 7-9, 1 on 1 Adventures #7: Eyes of the Dragon is the tale of one monk's struggle to reclaim his order's purloined relics.The sacred treasures of the monastery have been stolen! While simple greed could explain the theft of the eyes of the dragon, the Grandmaster of the Dragon Path has sensed a more sinister motivation for the theft that has come to pass. Far beyond the walls of the remote monastery, you must journey into foreign lands and battle the will of an ancient foe to recover the eyes of the dragon.Author: Matt CarsonFantasy Grounds Conversion: Cari HarperRequirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Full or Ultimate license and the 3.5E (or compatible) ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"167"	"655700"	"F.E.X (Forced Evolution Experiment)"	2017-08-24	6.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameAbout F.E.X (Forced Evolution Experiment)In F.E.X (Forced Evolution Experiment) you are a failed experiment in a facility where they manipulate human DNA in order to stop the aging process. Something happens in the facility and you manage to escape, but as a failed experiment you are able to grow old at will, but you can't reverse the process. Get out of the lab before you die of age or get caught by other experiments.Key Features:Age at will: You have the ability to modify your age, but be careful you also have a timed lifespan so don't waste it.Choose your way: You can go through the lab areas in different ways, and it will have different sets of enemies, collectibles, and story fragments. But don't worry if you don't visit all the areas in one playthrough, you can play it again and discover all those areas, enemies and secrets will be waiting for you.Get through the enemies: You're not the only one that got out, so beware of the different experiments and other \"people\" that will hunt you."	"Posted: December 23, 2017A game with responsive controls and a good gimmick is a pretty much guaranteed success. This game however hasn’t figured out how to make the controls feel smooth or how to utilize it’s gimmick to it’s full extent. It only manages to feel like a prototype of what the full game could be like.Short version + Neat art style+ Interesting gimmick idea- Failure to utilize said gimmick in an interesting way- Clunky controls- Odd game design decisions Not worth the full price.Long version Quit after the first 10 minutes, but returned to finish the game in order to see if it did something interesting later on for the review. About 1h of the recorded time was alt-tabbed because \"escape\" didn't open up a menu to exit the game, didn't think to try \"enter\" for it.The game could be somewhat enjoyable if the controls weren't as clunky as they are. You can only press one button at a time - 4 direction movement with no smooth transition. Also it seems that whoever designed the menus has never played any other video games. Took a good while to actually navigate the in-game pause menu to exit the game. The way dialogue popups pause the game doesn't feel good for the flow either, subtitles or narration would work much better. Didn't bother me too much, but would have left a better overall impression.The weirdest decision the game makes is having stealth gameplay with a timer ticking down to your death. Good stealth games are all about observation and calculated movements. However the aging gimmick requires you to rush through the levels so it rather becomes a boring grind of trial and error.As for the aging idea, it seems interesting at first, but the only actual gameplay function it has is that you have to be this tall to pull a lever and can move faster at some ages, that's it. Some checkpoints also seem to reset your age while others don’t, so there’s an inconsistent “your choices matter” – “your choices don’t matter” thing going on, probably in order to prevent the player getting stuck. The aging mechanic is never a tradeoff of \"I will have less time but have these new options\", it's always \"you need to be this tall to proceed\" Once you reach your first lever you HAVE to age up in order to use it, once you hit a big movable box you HAVE to age up in order to move it. The only actual tradeoff moment I noticed was that as you age, you get slightly faster. The \"Portal instructional video\" artstyle made me think of clever puzzles, but the hardest puzzle in this game was figuring out how to navigate the menu. All other puzzles boil down to \"Press every button you see and carry on\".Off the top of my head, they could have made the aging two-way, have some certain points where you can change age and stuck a whole lot more age-related puzzles in between. Maybe have the child fit through small spaces, have an actual purpose for the elderly, had a bunch of Portal-like puzzles where you have to wait to age up at certain points and use different ages to solve a single problem etc. But right now it's a couple of trivial puzzles and some stealth segments.Feels more like a gamejam game or a prototype than a finished product.,Posted: August 25, 2017Product received for freeThe game is fun and the idea is neat, but that does not mean I like it. If this game had narration to go with the subtitles it would make for a better game-play experience. You have a limited amount of time and are ageing as you seek to solve the puzzle but stopping to read all the time is just killing you!  I personally found the game rather repetitive in such a short time span, so much so that I decided to stop playing. I also noted that the sound options where not completely functions which made turning down the noise rather hard! I will leave the choice up to you, but this is a no go for me! SORRY,Posted: September 11, 2017Product received for freeThe aging mechanic is interesting, it makes you think what you do whit your time. The premise is that you’re on a lab and there’s always someone watching you to help you. It seems that you’re a failed experiment and there are different kinds of experiments that went wrong, so be prepared for things that will not look anything like you.There are different types of puzzles, but you will not encounter them all in the first playthrough, since you can’t come back to an area and choose a different path (I had to go to the main menu for that).It has 2 endings depending on the amount of items you get (those reveal some background story).The game at first it seemed that nothing was happening there were no enemies and it was somehow annoying (but that was only on the first levels) but they released an update that put more interesting things at the beginning of the game.,Posted: January 13, 2018its 10 bucks for a game that lasts 45 minthe concept is interesting but HORRIBLY executed to be honest i hardly think the dev knows what hes doing1.5/10,Posted: January 5, 2018This game is pretty terrible. The core gameplay mechanic has promise, and I understand this is a first effort for the dev, but the execution in terms of art assets and localization are just atrocious, All of this would be forgivable if the game was $0.99, but at ten times that price I feel compelled to speak up. I'm honestly supprised this made it into a humblebundle.,Posted: November 26, 2018This has the potential to be one of those fun, quick little indie games, but unfortunately it's plagued by keyboard calibration bugs and a general lack of well-polished gameplay.,Posted: December 25, 2017This game is rough. While it has an interesting mechanic (aging in one direction to enable new interactions), the truly awful UI and clunky controls make this a game worth passing by.,Posted: December 25, 2018You gotta be kidding me.,Posted: October 6, 2018Absolute Trash.I left the game running for 20mins so I could write this.Got this game in a humble bundle.,Posted: May 21, 2018IT HAS A TROJAN"
"168"	"845930"	"Neon Force Pushers - Spatial Flux Stage Pack"	2018-05-03	2.99	"Action,Indie,Free to Play"	"About This ContentThis is an expansion pack for the free to play game Neon Force Pushers, adding double the amount of stages to the base game. The stages included in this pack are Chaos Labyrinth, Loony Box, Factory Way, and Flip-tronix.Chaos Labyrinth is a maze of corridors lined with deadly spikes. The stage is frequently rotating 90 degrees left and right, changing the layout of the stage and making you think on your feet, or fall on your head.Loony Box puts you inside a spinning box with gravity that pulls you to the edges forcing you to fight off your foes while switching from standing on the floor to standing on the wall!... or is that a ceiling? Factory way places you in a long factory with smashing pistons and speeding conveyor belts. You won't stand still in this level, the walls will push you forward.In Flip-tronix, you are fighting on the walls and you can use your force push ability to flip the gravity to other side of the stage! However, you mus't let this power go to your head, you must be humble and use it for good... or, you know, use it to send your friends into spikes... Whichever you prefer."	"Everytime I've tried to open I get the same error.(Link below)Anyone have an answer.https://imgur.com/a/qkoxrTs,cmd and red text are u ♥♥♥♥ing mental,Is it a ripoff of move or die and is it still in progress or have they gave up,Whenever I launched the game a terminal opened with lots of red text. This made me spill my jellybeans all over the place as I was scared"
"169"	"496360"	"RC Racing Off Road 2.0"	2016-07-01	12.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This GameCar racing but different. Enjoy the realistic RC car physics engine of these mini cars on different routes, in various lighting conditions, indoor and outdoor!Prove your driving skills early, so that you have soon enough money to buy new faster RC models and other routes. Train in single races while the clock is ticking or compete against your friends in the multiplayer mode via LAN or Internet. Then chances are good to leave your opponents behind you during the competition races!Features:- Single player races against intelligent computer opponents- Multiplayer with up to four players via LAN or Internet- Large selection of indoor and outdoor tracks- Many RC model cars- Realistic RC car physics engine- Various game modes: Single race, time trial and competitions- Earn money by winning races and thus unlock more tracks, cars and access to the competitions- Moddable RC cars ( purchasable engines, car skins and tires )- Damage simulation of the cars ( repairmode )- Extensive configuration options"	"Posted: July 16, 2016This game features Clunky controls and user interface, with un-intuitive track design and progression. The computer will insist that you follow a exact path and penalize you from deviating from the pre-programmed route by even small amounts. Physics feel slow and laggy, controls feel mushy.,Posted: July 11, 2016Product received for freeHorrible game. horrible frame rate, horrible controls. can't play multiplayer. this game feels like it isn't even half done. stay away from this game.,Posted: July 11, 2016this game is the biggest load of BALLOCKS ever...... i does like 1 frame every 10 minutes....and for multiplayer it asks you to put in the game masters IP ADDRESS, and even when we did it, it didnt allow people to join ..............♥♥♥♥ing DIRT, if you read this and get it, message me so i may laugh at you please <3"
"170"	"715192"	"Cities: Skylines - Carols, Candles and Candy"	2017-12-05	NA	"Strategy,Simulation"	"About This ContentTis the DLCeason! With Carols, Candles and Candy, yule feel right at home with five new Christmas carols remade in multiple genres: Classic Jazz, Latin Jazz, Country, Indie and Indietronica. The songs will be randomly played across existing radio stations once you download the DLC. It’s free! Besides, you can't prove Chirpy is not a partridge, and Paradox Interactive is spelled with No L. Happy holidays, city-builders.Song List1. Houston River Jazz Collective - \"Silent Night\"2. Jazz in-clave - \"Holy Night\"3. Martin Carlberg - \"The First Noel\"4. Lily La Roux - \"Jolly Old St Nicholas\" 5. Elijha MotI - \"I Heard The Bells On Christmas Day\""	"Need some more money to build that 6 level spaghetti interchange? Tollbooths, introduced in the Industries expansion, allow you to extract that precious money from your traffic-causing citizens. So follow along as PHTN Gaming shows how to build realistic tollbooths in your city!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz0sRPekXd0A toll road, also known as a turnpike or tollway, is a public or private road (almost always a controlled-access highway in the present day) for which a fee (or toll) is assessed for passage. It is a form of road pricing typically implemented to help recoup the cost of road construction and maintenance.For more videos by PHTN Gaming, follow him here!⚙️Suggested Mods⚙️https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=502750307https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=877748783https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1619685021https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=694512541Decal Prop Fix: https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=767233815Prop & Tree Anarchy: https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=593588108https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=787611845,Hey!Was playing the game just fine a week ago with 60 FPS.Now I create a new city and play the game - it's at 10 FPS.What on earth happened to make the game lag this much? It's unplayable and was working before.,PDXCON2019 is coming and we couldn't be more excited to meet our community at the event - which takes place on October 18th - 20th, 2019. Tickets go on sale on May 7th, but we've got a secret to tell you…If you head over to the PDXCON 2019 website at https://pdxcon.paradoxplaza.com/ you can sign up to the mailing list. Anyone that signs up will be given 8 HOURS early access before the public availability of the tickets to buy before everyone else! Sign up now and keep your eyes on the news we'll be sending out because tickets will sell out.We'll have more news on what Cities: Skylines is bringing to this event, but rest assured, we'll have the best cities in the world on a single floor!,Click the link below to subscribe to the premiere of:City Builders Episode 4: Get People Thinkinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lskXJ3_JyboThis video will go live on Friday, April 26th at 6pm CEST (9am PST)For this episode we went to Philadelphia to interview Justin Roczniak, better known as DoNotEat on YouTube and social media. Justin explains not just how Cities are formed, but why - delving into the rich history and politics that have formed cities.You'll see images of his popular YouTube city: Franklin in this video, and also footage of the iconic American city Philadelphia, as we discuss with him the importance of city-building and how Cities: Skylines can \"Get People Thinking\"You can find DoNotEat and the city of Franklin here on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFdazs-6CNzSVv1J0a-qy4A,Posted: April 27Without Mods: Traffic Simulator Advanced. With Mods: Bob Ross simulator, except with more buildings, and in 3D. 10/10,Posted: April 30Game was pretty alright and mostly rewarding up until it spontaneously decided that there would be no more demand for anything whatosever, leading to a mysterious and unexplained total stagnation of my city.This, of course, was incredibly bizarre, as I had gotten around 80k pop and was at the point where I had essentially almost limitless money and budget to spare, had literally every whim and need of my pop met, had great transportation and flow of traffic, and was by then spending time placing parks, unique structures, etc to increase land value, bring tourism and all that neat stuff.So I searched for answers and discovered that, apparently, parks and unique structures somehow and for some reason kill demand, and that this has been a bug since as early as release. Never been fixed either, so that's fantastic.Figured, okay, it's a very moddable game with a rich modding scene, surely there was a mod that fixed this issue.Yes and no. You see, all there is are a variety of cheat mods that basically let you add demand on a whim, essentially skipping the whole point of it and the gameplay around it (I mean why play the game and balance demand for zones n whatnot when you can just bring up a slider menu and flick it all to 100+% amirite?), making my choices really boil down to \"kill my save and stop playing, or cheat and play sandbox babby\". Heck that my dude, I don't think so.Aside from that, the game has an endless list of issues and things that don't work or are seemingly completely meaningless in gameplay. It doesn't take you long to realize how painfully obvious it is that the game was meant as a sandbox builder, not a legit city sim.If that's your thing and you just wanna build a city that looks cool, then sure, good game for you (vanilla is kind of wonky for that, but there are plenty of mods that let you do more with it, lots of custom assets and other neat stuff too), but not so much if you're in it for gameplay and challenge.,Posted: May 4I've been enjoying C:S for almost two years now. I tried to run it off of a 2nd or 3rd-gen i5 processor with native graphics and that flopped at first. But, 6 months later, I bought a laptop with a 6th-gen 4-core i7 and NVIDIA GTX 960M. The fans run loud, but the game runs beautifully at 1080p maxed out. So, before you read the review, read this to get a sense of the game's needs.Let's now get into the actual review! First off, one of the things I immediately noticed playing C:S was the amount of freedom you're given. So much land, so many different building options & features--this game has it all! And here I am, more than four years after the release, going on about C:S! Something else that was noticeable was the workshop support. I am glad to say that NO OTHER GAME I know of on Steam has this much support on the Workshop. There are literal MILLIONS of items to download onto C:S. At least hundreds of thousands. And, while some are better than others, they all combine to make your game a better one in the long run. Plus, everything is customizable, meaning the game can cater to my needs as well. Lastly, there is no other game like C:S. Although SimCity tries (and fails) to keep up, no other game can surpass the level of support, freedom, or amount of time you can play this game for without getting bored of it. One of the greatest parts includes how you make what you want. Mods are needed, sure, but everything you do in C:S is basically original to you. It's a your-eyes-only game or a community-shared game. It all depends on what you want to do. And, you get to choose that decision!I can't seem to find any major thing wrong with Cities: Skylines. I cannot stress to you how freakin' much I love this game or how the team is still creating major updates and packs 4 years after launch. I expected to play this 1-2 years max. But, my expectations were outdone. This entire review is honestly an understatement, and honest. You can't forget that I am being 100% honest when I say it's worth the money. Packs? Maybe... But, whatever you're thinking about this game, it should be positive, because that's all I think when i play this game. Thank you and good night.,So i bought 3 DLC - Industries, Green Cities and Mass Transit. While Industries seem to work fine, the other 2 are not very present in the game. There are hints of them: I now have a postal service, wich i think is a part of mass transit? But that can´t...,system.indexoutofrangeexcetionDetails no details How can i do that?,Like 16 people in a small low residential property is just unrealistic.,I found a good idea in the Transport Fever 2 Forum:Sandbox mode for people who are creating layouts without an economy. All economic calculations would be turned off. Perhaps have some options to turn off things like city growth and people creation. Bas..."
"171"	"762913"	"Monster Hunter: World - Sticker Set: Guild Lasses"	2018-08-09	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentAdds new stickers to Monster Hunter: World."	"On Thursday, May 9 at 00:00 a.m. UTC, we will be releasing our sixth title update! Space requirements are listed below.Game files: approx. 3.3 GBDLC (High Resolution Texture Pack): approx. 3.5 GBNote: These figures represent our best estimate at the time of this notice.Important: By default, Steam will automatically download both the game and High Resolution Texture Pack DLC when the update goes live. To disable the auto-update feature, please follow the steps outlined below before then.1. Launch the Steam client application2. Right click on MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD from your Library and 　select View Downloadable Content3. Uncheck the High Resolution Texture Pack DLCImportant: The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353.You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,i read a lot about it and whatch on YT, but im not sure, does this game worth the money? it cost a lot for me,prev, i played Dauntless a lot. Its f2p, i spend about 2 month for it, but now its completly finished.I like hunting and grind, but how many ...,From Friday, April 26 00:00 am to Thursday, May 16 23:59 UTC, the Spring Blossom Fest is coming to Astera!What is the Spring Blossom Fest?A seasonal event held at the Gathering Hub.Visit Astera's Gathering Hub, the Celestial Pursuit, and you'll find it bedecked with decorations, and the staff garbed in their springtime best! The Spring Blossom Fest is a great opportunity to get together with hunters from all over the world!・During this period, almost all of the previous special Event Quests are available again.・You'll get some new login bonuses and limited bounties too!　　- As a login bonus, you'll get two Lucky Vouchers plus a Spring Blossom Ticket.　　- For the duration of the event, there will be daily limited bounties where you can earn 　　Blossom Fireworks and Spring Blossom Tickets.・With Spring Blossom Tickets, you'll be able to craft the Blossom armor set, as well as the Felyne 　Butterfly set for your Palico.・You'll get new backgrounds, titles, and poses for your Guild Card, as well as the Buzzy Bee 　costume for your Poogie.・The Handler's Busy Bee Dress will be available for a limited time only.・Items or services at all facilities will be available at reduced costs.・A special seasonal platter will be available in the Gathering Hub.Important:The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,From Thursday, May 9 00:00 UTC, we'll be releasing the sixth title update, which will include various bug fixes, as well as a special collaboration with \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt\" (Developer: CD PROJEKT RED)!Major New Features:In this collaboration, the main protagonist of the Witcher series, Geralt of Rivia, makes an appearance in the New World! A unique quest featuring RPG elements from \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt\" brings a fresh gameplay experience, with newly recorded voiceovers by the original voice actor for Geralt! (English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese and Monster Hunter Language)Leshen, a monster from another world, arrives in the New World!Dwelling deep within the forest, these creatures use their innate magic to control all flora and fauna within their territory.Special Assignment — Contract: Trouble in the Ancient Forest・Play as Geralt of Rivia and take on a new special assignment! Go on a quest containing RPG elements from \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt,\" and solve mysteries as an expert monster slayer for hire!・The ending of the quest will depend on your progression through the side objectives!・Complete the special assignment to earn a special item and gesture, a new guild card background, as well as poses and titles.・You can also earn materials to craft the \"Geralt α\" full armor set and the \"Witcher's Silver Sword\" sword & shield! Furthermore, completing special objectives will earn you a critical bounty that, if completed, allows you to get the materials needed to craft the \"Cursed Staff α\" weapon, and the \"Nekker α\" full armor set for your Palico when completed!・Special assignment \"Contract: Trouble in the Ancient Forest\" is a single player only quest where you get to play as Geralt of Rivia.Note: This special assignment will always be available.Event Quest (From May 17) — Contract: Woodland Spirit・The difficulty for this quest is similar to Death March! difficulty in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.・Complete the quest to earn materials to craft the \"Ciri α\" full armor set and the \"Zireael\" dual blades, as well as earn delivery requests that allow you to get the materials needed for the Geralt Layered Armor and Ciri Layered Armor. ・Any bugs related to this quest on other platforms have already been fixed for Steam.Note: This quest is available from Friday, May 17 00:00 to Thursday, May 30 23:59 UTC.The Witcher® is a trademark of CD PROJEKT S.A. The Witcher game © CD PROJEKT S.A. All rights reserved. The Witcher game is based on the prose of Andrzej Sapkowski. All other copyrights and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.© CAPCOM CO., LTD. 2018 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Bug Fixes:-Various bugs are scheduled to be fixed.Important: The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353.You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,Posted: May 2One of the most fun games I have played in my life. This is one of gaming's must plays. Great intro to the series. It fundamentally changed how I played video games as a whole.,Posted: April 27game fun just dont get hit lol,Posted: April 28I love the monster hunter franchise since I first played it on a PSP.,I just think it was a really bad idea to put all these new weapons on a single siege. I mean it gets seriously boring doing the same thing again and again, waiting for RNG to smile upon us ( which it never does, in my case!). Please Capcom, don't do this...,Any time estimations when the quest will come out? ,my friend hasnt played the game in a long time and he came back straight to behemoth, but he keeps dying. hes using some mix of nergigante, teostra and some other♥♥♥♥♥♥but what in your opinion would suit him better, just for the sake of not co...,She spams both roars and wind, I don't have room in my build for both of those, I have tried not bringing earplugs but her roars are too hard to predict. I've beaten her once with the Kjarr Ice CB but effectively farming her is a pain. She spams her tail ...,Haha, that was funny last week wasn’t it! Remember how we did that whole bit where I had left RPS, but then I was still stuck writing Steam Charts? Heh, they do some good goofs at this site. Anyway, let’s… [looks straight into camera] (more…)"
"172"	"329260"	"Defense Grid 2 Demo"	2014-11-26	NA	"Strategy"	"About This GameThis demo includes the first chapter of Defense Grid 2. Defense Grid 2, DG2, is the highly-anticipated sequel to Hidden Path Entertainment’s 2008 Defense Grid: The Awakening.  Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies.  With a bold new look, a compelling single-player campaign, and the addition of new game modes, online player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play-through brings fun new opportunities and challenges."	""
"173"	"1011350"	"Hyss - Soundtrack"	2019-03-07	3.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentThe official Soundtrack for Hyss.13 tracks, 32 minutes, includes MP3 files, located in the installation folder:...\Steam\steamapps\common\Hyss\SoundtrackTracklist01 - Marching Hooves02 - Saga03 - Lush Forest04 - Oak Tree05 - Home06 - Another Lake07 - By the Fire08 - Magical Machinery09 - Shadow of the Giant10 - Endless Orbit11 - Fairies Walk12 - Dénouement13 - Let the Cows Dance"	"Hello,We recently put up a prototype of our new game Scrambled, a rhythm-based beat 'em up where you play as a slice of bread beating up eggs.Scrambled is on PC and can be freely downloaded from its itch page:https://sunscale-studios.itch.io/scrambledTo celebrate this occasion, Hyss gets a 2 week discount.Keep in touch:Join our Discord server[discord.gg]Sign up for our newsletter[www.sunscalestudios.com],Hi, is this normal? I started the game and noticed this. I putted in the lowest config possible.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1605538793https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1605537546https://steamcommunity.com...,What's the plan? ,Can i invert the mouse y-axis?,Greetings,As promised, French is now in the game. We've also added a way to watch cutscenes from the menu.Patch NotesAdded FrenchAdded option to view unlocked cutscenes in the level select menuIn case... your game freezes during one or something.Minor adjustments to hitboxes, kill triggers etc.,Hey all!We've now released the original soundtrack for Hyss, all composed and mastered by our lovely musician Kevin Engstrand.It features 32 minutes of adventurous melodies and ambience, with all 13 tracks creating a cohesive listening experience.Here's a sample:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwBUdqkoQ2s,Seems I have to start a new game each time. No way to save progress. Some items on start up menu are grey and not functional. Any fix recommendations would be greatly appreciated.,After many efforts to get past a trouble spot I finally made it and then when I tried to call Mrs. Cow she would not appear. Is there a bug in the program? "
"174"	"623193"	"Fate/EXTELLA - Black Speedo"	2017-07-25	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentIn the digital realm of SE.RA.PH, the Holy Grail War is over, but the land’s new ruler faces challenges and threats from all sides. The servants now find themselves drawing up tense and unlikely alliances, preparing for a conflict that may tear SE.RA.PH apart...or destroy it entirely.DLC:Black Speedo"	" We're passing along your issues to the developers, who are trying to find solutions! Thank you for your patience! Hey everyone,I wanted to make a central bug thread so you guys know what we're working on and what information we need before we,Posted: April 28Very nice Fate series game, the game is more towards fan-service, eg. Nero, Tamamo and Altera, the 3 main servants are basically fan favorite in FGO. Regardless, the gameplay is basically Hack N' Slash game, the abilities are great, and they're quite easy to perform as well.The story is 'ok', not very good nor bad. The bad thing about the story is you don't have autoplay, so you need to keep tapping the next button after dialogues. And it's also quite lengthy, some scene will took about 20 min to finish. You'll spend most of your time for the story/VN than battle, which only took around 10-20 min.If you played F/E Link already, you might not like the combat of this game as they're quite different. That game is more of a refine version of this game. But I'd recommend to try out this game as well, especially if you're more interested towards the story.,Posted: April 281200% UMU! :3,Posted: May 3UMU,Looks like March 12th acording to amazon,Hello! I have a weird bug in this mission, when V.Saber is flying and you have to avoid those dangerous obstacles in a tunel. The first time, everything works, but when I re enter the ship for the second time I always get stuck just before I get to the ...,众所周知，连码都不打的夏娃年代记（Evenicle）已经上架steam，G胖的一纸新约创造了一个新时代，从前Fate/Staynight因为色情内容无法上架steam的说法已经无法成立。那么，Fate/Staynight、魔夜和月姬...,Coming Q1 of 2019.Sourcehttp://www.xseedgames.com/2018/10/31/fate-extella-link-brings-action-to-more-platforms-with-added-nintendo-switch-in-north-america-and-steam-world-wide-release/"
"175"	"753845"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Greta Van Fleet - “Safari Song”"	2018-08-07	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Safari Song\" by Greta Van Fleet on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"176"	"1056620"	"Super Jigsaw Puzzle: Generations - SJP Cities Puzzles"	2019-04-04	4.99	"Casual,Strategy,Indie,Puzzle,2D,Difficult,Atmospheric,Singleplayer,Replay Value,Family Friendly,Simulation,GameMaker,Relaxing,Beautiful"	"About This ContentAll puzzles included in Super Jigsaw Puzzle: Cities!Content: 30 Puzzles in 4 levels of difficulty."	"Hi guys!We are happy to announce our new DLC: Spring! 11 beautiful puzzles full of the wonders that the Spring gives to us! You can buy it now with a 20% discount!Also to celebrate it, you all now have a new free puzzle! Yay!Just relax and make puzzles!https://store.steampowered.com/app/1073680/Super_Jigsaw_Puzzle_Generations__Spring_Puzzles/,I purchased your original Super Jigsaw Puzzle game, along with the Cities, Monuments, and Space followup games.  Shouldn't I get the corresponding dlc's for free in this game?  I like to have all my puzzles in one place, so I am really glad you have come ...,I decided to start an 800 piece puzzle, been putting it off because I didn't think I'd have enough time. Got the border done and sorted all the colours.https://i.imgur.com/FKozFx1.pngDecided that was enough for now, I'd come back to it later. When I l...,Hi guys!We've been taking in consideration the suggestion of one of our players (thanks Falcon!) about giving you the DLCs of the original SJP games if you own the original games.After some research we found an easy way to do it so from today, the owners of the original games should have the correspondent DLCs in their Steam accounts.Thank you for you support and keep making puzzles!,If you find any bug, please, help us by posting it here!Thanks!,Hi there!It's been a few days after the launch of Super Jigsaw Puzzle: Generations. Throughout this time we have been studying the behavior of our players and have found that the price in game coins to unlock the puzzles it's probably too high, and could be a bit frustrating for some people. With the last update we have reduce that price to the half, from 3000 to 1500 coins. All those who have already unlocked any puzzle will receive the difference back in their coin account.We hope you like this change.Thanks for playing!,Posted: May 1Great jigsaw puzzle game with a wide range of gorgeous puzzle images, each of which can be done in a choice of several different sizes, ranging from 60 pieces to 800 pieces.  Many of the puzzles are free, and you can unlock more free puzzles by completing other puzzles.  Puzzle pieces can be snapped to the grid, or to each other in sub groupings that can then be dragged and placed as a unit.  You can customize several different options like snap sensitivity and piece rotation.  The developers are very active on the discussion forum, and listen to their customers. Overall, one of the best jigsaw puzzle games on Steam.,Hey FlatcatgamesI played one of your past products and noticed this one does something similar that caught my attention.when selecting puzzle pieces the mouse cursor is hidden while i am moving the puzzle piece.I have worked on some small game proje...,So I cannot figure out how to get the pieces to rotate. i have tried using my mouses wheel while clicking on the piece, right clicking while holding the piece, right click and wheel while hovering over a piece, and the arrow keys while hovering or while c...,Posted: April 30this ♥♥♥♥♥ my jam"
"177"	"956751"	"Huang Zhong - Officer Ticket / 黄忠使用券"	2018-11-01	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentA ticket that can be used with the \"DYNASTY WARRIORS 9 Trial\".This ticket allows you to use the corresponding officer within the game.▼How to useAfter purchasing the ticket, its effects will be applied within the game."	"Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added informal clothes that can be used in battle.Made improvements to castle sieges.Added a new ordeal \"Castle Siege\".Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Hi, did I understand correctly, there are no weddings in the game and similar elements like in the 8th Empire? ,According to the latest update, this was made possible. However it doesn't work for me.Has anyone figured out how to do it?,Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added \"Companion Animals\", and \"Guardian\".Added a bodyguard system.Added new modes \"Rampage\" to the arena.Added animals to the gallery.Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Posted: April 27It is good that Koei now sell this game partly (officer by officer), as most of us would not finish all the officers' stories. So for the gamers who were driven off by the bad reviews of this game, you may reconsider and give this game a shot.,Posted: April 29Not exactly sure how you expect people to play this game. Why is there no setup or game to play ? \"Push any Button\" Is what I am told and the only option that there is to chose is 'Exit Game'. 0.2 / 10 - You get the .2 because of the intro. There is no game to play here. Go play Black Desert Online Until these Developers get there act together. ,Newest changes are always at the top of this post.Update information 01.25 (04/24/2019)APR 23 @ 11:11PM-Catapults adjusted to deal big damage on siege weapons & camps-Gate durability gauges to be shown on UI-Ally soldiers help attacking gates if th...,- Corrected a number of minor issues.,PigeonTigerBlue TigerWhite TigerBearBlack BearWolfBlack WolfDeerFlame TigerWhite wolf and bearGolden tigerGrey bear Silver wolfPig, cat, dog, pandaThe elite wolf boss too.,  Official Website (JP)   EN website  Costumes (Feb-Apr) •[url=https://twitter.com/s_sangokum...,Posted: April 27Koei remade dynasty warriors from the ground up, and it's freaking awesome. at the moment my only complaint is the very obvious downgrade in voice actor quality for the english edition, but that's easily forgivable compared to the absolute scale of the game they offer you. I'm 8 hours in and mostly ignoring side content and I've only reached chapter 3."
"178"	"863300"	"FUTURETECH SPACE COMBAT ACADEMY"	NA	NA	"Simulation"	"About This GameFuturetech Space Combat Academy™ is a third-person, single player space combat experience. Gameplay includes ship-to-ship combat, weaponry and vehicle modifications, along with a taste of the ongoing world of our flagship game to come!You are Gary Ward, an Earth Defense Union pilot and new cadet of the Futuretech Space Combat Academy™ - ready to bring the fight to the Grays and protect those you love!  As Gary, the player must proceed through training, withstand constant alien aggressors, and work their way through the ranks of the academy. Your assignments lead you to abandoned wrecks, dizzying space mazes, asteroid belts and more. Unlock weapons, ships and lore with each new level!"	""
"179"	"474880"	"Second Coming"	2019-04-08	9.99	"Strategy,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This GameSecond Coming is a sci-fi cartoon gamebook with turn-based 3D battles (xcom-style). It is a sci-fi adventure where you and your team explore an alien ship and uncovers its secrets. This game will appeal to both gamebook enthusiasts as more traditional gamers - extending the gamebook format with digital effects and narration. The story explores the concept of origin of life and alien civilizations. They Have Waited As an alien ships approaches and make landfall on earth - prophets are interpreting a signal from the ship as \"I am Messiah\". Linking the ship to the Second Coming of the Messiah. Proclaiming salvation to be at hand in a time when the earth’s resources are running scarce and the earth most need it.The Origin Of Life The task force assembled to investigate the alien ship however makes frightening discoveries that links the ship to the origin of life - believing it to be some kind of ark that carries life across the universe to seed worlds. As the enter they ship they encounter a sign that reads \"Eden\" written in ancient script. But what are the alien’s intention and are they really linked to creation? Or are they just sinister beings that collect lifeforms for their own entertainment?Revelations What awaits them are not like anything they have ever seen before. It will be a thought provoking journey through alien environments - searching for the beings that control the alien ship and a secret far older than mankind."	"Posted: February 10, 2017Early Access ReviewGreat game if you have loads of time and want a good story.The water colour style portrays the gamebook style well, with a good voice over reminding me of early 40-60 sci-fi narration. The decisions on offer do not have always have obvious outcomes were the theme is exploring an alien ship it is very fitting that you at times have some pure guess work based on loose clues.The big BUT: the action parts of the game if it wasn't for the amount of time and button clicks it takes to just move around would be a non talking point letting the gamebook gameplay shine, but it is so slow and messes so badly with the pacing of the game if you can only pick a few games to fill a small amount of time you get them give this game a wide birth. Plus the storyline is not really simple enough to fit into a pick up and put down style, which for me is a plus but again for people with busier schedule would be a negative.Full review/gameplay: https://youtu.be/9qmtk0g1KZM"
"180"	"440860"	"The Deer - Soundtrack"	2016-03-28	0.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentSoundtrack and Sound effects of the game \"The Deer\"!Soundtrack List:1. \"The Deer\"2. \"The Unexpected Event\"3. \"The Short Walk\"4. \"Finding and Understanding\"5. \"Pleasure in Discovery\"6. \"Plestocene Epoch\"7. \"The Sunshine\""	"Hello my friends, here you can tell us all the bugs you find in the game. ,Please, add achievements: ,Hello my friends in this thread we ask you to tell us the improvements and the new minigames you would like to see.Also new epoch you would like to see featured (the actual one is the Pleistocene)thanks!,3I92L-8WEPQ-PJLE2,SO i got 6h in this game lettign it run in the back.... no carddropshow to get the cards lol?"
"181"	"436260"	"Ultimate Arena"	2016-09-05	17.99	"Indie,Action,Arena Shooter,FPS,Multiplayer,Early Access,Dating Sim,Memes,Anime,Family Friendly"	"About This GameUltimate Arena is a competitive first person shooter arena game.Compete against other players online to prove your worth, wielding a loadout of 12 brutal weapons and wrecking total havoc within the arenas! Control health, armor and weapon pickups throughout the map to gain an advantage against your foes.Prepare to frag like you never have! Weapons ------------- Gauntlet You spawn with it. This short ranged melee blade will hack and prune anyone dumb enough to get too close up and personal. Pistol You spawn with it. The long range and moderate firing rate will allow you to pick off enemies at both medium and long distances, providing they don't overtake you with heavier firepower. Secondary fire uses ice charges which are able to temporary freeze opponents, bogging them down. Shotgun The pump action shotgun inflicts considerable damage at close range. Double Shotgun Slower than the pump action shotgun but twice as deadly at close range. Assault Rifle A special hybrid automatic rifle which peppers foes with 16mm rounds even at long range without ever having the need to reload. Lethal if you have an accurate aim. Shredder This unique and nasty tool fires a pair of circular blades in quick succession. You can ricochet them off walls and slice foes who are out of your line of sight. Rocket Launcher Blow stuff up. Solve problems. Grenade Launcher This particular model is able to detonate your grenades at any given moment by using secondary fire. Laser Prism The electric beam is able to harm targets at medium range. Your accuracy will determine the outcome of the fight. Plasma Cannon Designed to sweep large areas with plasma projectiles. You'll need to properly predict the enemies movement in order to get the best out of this weapon. Gas Rifle This thing spews foulness all over the place. Good for crowd control. The low damage is heavily compensated by the large area of effect. Crossbow Primary fire shoots deadly bolts at high speed. Secondary fire also consumes electricity ammo but allows higher range and damage by using electrified arrows."	"Posted: April 6, 2016EDIT 2 - Just got word that the project is officially dead and suddenly left Early Access - even before developing a planned \"original\" gamemode that was supposed to make this game unique - because of lack of sales, even though it's still sold at 10 bucks (it was 20 before). It's honestly a much more reasonable price tag, but the game still can't be considered as a finished one.At this point, the only way to revive it is to make it free-to-play. Microtransactions will do the rest, anyway.EDIT - Quick note (more like a wall-of-text): the devs hate constructive criticism, they ban you even if you point out the game's flaws and all that and have a strange habit to remove any criticism (even valid and constructive) on the forums and close threads. Examples:- http://i.imgur.com/BHKX7dA.png- http://i.imgur.com/d9aRcec.png- http://i.imgur.com/ErQ3X9i.jpgPermanent bans (both in the forums AND official group, very nice) and removal of the posts with lack of discussion. Not really surprising since the dev is the type of player who bans you from his server for just killing him.I expressed my feelings about the game both in the forums and in this review because I wanted to see the game improve, not because of hate, but if the devs want to keep showing their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ attitude to people (even long-time fans from Youtube [the dev is a Youtuber]) and abuse their admin powers, I suggest you avoid funding this project.Original review Let's be objective here: Ultimate Arena aims to \"revive\" the FPS Arena genre, taking inspirations from Serious Sam and Quake, but at the moment it fails to deliver in some aspects.First issue is its pricetag. 20€ for a low-quality alpha product is too much (since it is being developed by two guys only indipendently during their free time), especially since the FPS Arena genre is already struggling to get a solid playerbase even with free and technically-better shooters... just imagine how long UA will survive at that price. There's no guarantee the game will (drastically) improve once it goes out of Alpha stage even.That said, don't expect this game to compete with other actual fps arena shooters and take it for what it is.Now that I got its major issues out of the way, let's talk about the game itself. UA is made with the Unreal Engine 4, which delivers stunning graphics by itself, but the game looks dated. Most textures are okay-ish but everything else is poor. Dull lighting, very clunky animations and lack of shadows/ambient occlusion, with also some poor first-person weapon modeling and hands. Some textures also come from free assets found around the internet (apparently).Some effects like splatter, glowing pickups and particles are good enough but explosions, blood and general HUD should do with some tweaking to make them less annoying for the eyes and more fitting with the game's graphic style.Controls are \"weird\". Even by adjusting mouse sensitivity and FoV it still feels like I'm struggling to get total control of aiming, jumping and general movement. First-person weapon modeling is also affected by FoV, so if you set it high, the weapon becomes stretched. Also lack of v-sync and/or fps limiter might cause overheating for players with high-end PCs so that option should be a must.Nothing bad about sounds, but footsteps should be tweaked and change their sound depending on the surface.Only 3 maps are available at the moment, but I didn't find the level design to be quite engaging to be honest. Not terrible, not great either. Gameplay balance and pickup positions/respawn tweaks are needed to improve the experience.One thing that really bugged me is that, in most servers, you have to wait for the match to end first before playing (and matches last for 15 minutes), otherwise you get stuck in spectator mode and have to wait.Weapons are okay-ish, the generic ones you find in FPS arena games and shooters in general, nothing new here.I did find some good little touches though, like your knife covered in blood when you attack someone and the character's skeleton when you shoot it with lasers.I'm not that type of person who wishes total failure for projects, so I'll give my definitive feedback once it goes out of Alpha stage and hope it will be improved by then. I've never seen a community that has such a huge amount of fanboys and haters who are even worse than the devs themselves (since they are Youtubers, so you'd know how ♥♥♥♥ed up the audience can be).If the devs put all the effort they can, it might become a good product in the future... maybe. But its pricetag is seriously holding this game back at the moment, and since it is still an alpha product, unless you're aware of Steam's Early Access practice and unfinished games, stay away until it is complete. For now, it's a no-no.,Posted: April 15, 2016Early Access ReviewNo. Don't even think to buy it. The framerate is impossible even with an high spec computer. This game is a joke. Never asked for a Steam refund but that's the first time I did.,Posted: April 5, 2016The game is horrible.You can't play it because there exist just one server.This is a bad copy of Serious Sam The Second Encounter.20€ Totally wasted.This is ROTH (Refund of the year).Dev is also banning people on the forum for stupid reasons. Sarblade got banned for commenting a REVIEW that he should have bought Toxikk instead (or Unreal Tournament, which is free).,Posted: April 6, 2016Early Access ReviewThis game is ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic.My name is TheMattyXz (https://www.youtube.com/user/TheMattyXz) and I was one of the first to ever play this game in his \"Unity\" version (the one made by Zeb89 and some spanish coder).  Game was awful then, is still awful now.Where do I begin?First of all, a bit of history. The old game was a mess, badly coded, poorly optimized and had HUGE security holes (needless to say that a bunch of scriptkiddies was able to hack into the game login system in a matter of days). Gameplay was unacceptable and overall the game is a failure.So, what changed? This new version must be good right? Well, other than the engine change (from Unity to UE3) and the fact that instead of the spanish coder now we have some underage kid, nothing much has changed.Game is still pretty much unplayable. I've had the \"pleasure\" of doing three matches with your average players in your average public server, and nothing was right.Down to the movements, which in an arena are pretty important. The character is laggy, movements are imprecise and bhopping or any sort of articulate movement is unexistant.Even by spectating and looking at other players you can see how bad the animations are (idling and moving are way too similar).The sound? I'll just say this: If you stand still and tap very quickly you'll hear the running sound (which, by the way, is IDENTICAL across every floor material) even though you barely made a step - this means that in the game code there's only one sound for movement and that is \"run\", even if you just make a small step, the running sound will play. Wow.Now to gameplay. While I hold my laughter, let me tell you that HALF of the weapons are absolutely useless. The lightning gun emits a weak pathetic laser that barely hits, the pistol looks like a toy and deals little to no damage, the main shotgun is way too weak, and  the cymbal-saw thingies are a good idea but not really well implemented, since the bouncing of walls is broken and the projectiles rarely hit the player.Rocket launcher is overpowered, as usual in those cheaply-made arenas. The double shotgun is okay and so is the lmg, but that's about it, really.Respawning happens literally in two places, and spawncamping is way too easy as far as I've seen.Now, the biggest issue with this game is jumping in my opinion. Especially the jumping platforms, those are so badly made it's almost impossible to explain. It's just funny to see people trying to reach and climb the platform while jumping on these things, it usually takes 4-5 attemps and usually out of boredom people start shooting themselves in those platforms instead of trying to jump and grab the items.There are also other minor issues, such as the fact that with my computer (Intel Core i7 5930K, GTX980Ti, 16GB DDR4, SSD Raid0) I can barely score 100fps in 2560x1600, whereas in MUCH MUCH bigger games with even better graphics (UT4 comes to mind, which is also free...)  I can score more than 200fps steadily.Bummer, thank god I got this free because I had the old version.What's wrong with this game overall? The coders are incompetent, the game is a trainwreck and I don't expect this to go anywhere, as I've seen it fail once already.PLEASE, DON'T BUY THIS. GET UT4 AND HAVE A SUPERIOR ARENA EXPERIENCE. IT'S ALSO FREE!And if you really want to spend 20€/$ on Steam, please get a better game, you won't regret NOT playing this.-Matt,Posted: April 6, 2016Early Access ReviewSpazzatura digitale creata da due presuntuosi.Non penso serva dire altro,Posted: April 5, 2016Early Access ReviewI can't play.The settings menu is extremely \"minimalist\"Graphics looks good but game lacks contentFor now it's a no,Posted: April 13, 2016Early Access ReviewOne of the worst game in Steam.,Posted: April 19, 2016Early Access ReviewENOne of worst games I've ever played.Absolutely NOT recommended.Just don't buy it.ITUno dei peggior giochi a cui io abbia mai giocato.Assolutamente sconsigliato.2/10.,Posted: April 29, 2016Early Access ReviewBe,che dire...questo gioco ha molte pecche per esempio il prezzo troppo alto quando ci sono FPS arena migliori e F2P.E poi i requisiti, a me mi gira UT4 in grafica minima a 800x600 però mi gira a 50-60 fps e com'è possibile che questo non mi giri che i dettagli sono inferiori secondo me poi non c'è un cazzo di nessuno nei server... Ho richiesto il rimborso e per ora è un no,no e no,Posted: January 2, 2018R.O.T.Y.refound . of . the . year ."
"182"	"947740"	"RPG Maker MV - Dungeon Music Pack"	2018-09-20	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentWhether your heroes are plunging into the deepest caverns, exploring long forgotten ruins or are lost in a labyrinth; it’s always very important to set the appropriate mood for your dungeons. The Dungeon Music Pack by Scythuz was created with such exploits in mind.Covering a wide variety of areas and themes such as sinister castles, futuristic space-stations and the darkest secrets of the underground; this pack will definitely add the most fitting atmosphere and give your dungeons the right tone for when you truly want to create a sense of immersion in your game.This pack contains:25 unique tracks spanning various genres including: Orchestral, Sci-fi, Ambient and World Music..m4a, .ogg, and .mp3 formats included.Royalty free music to use in your commercial and non-commercial game projects.Tracklist:Abandoned SpacestationAfrican TempleAlien HiveAncient RuinsCorporation HeadquartersCrystal CavesDeceitful CastleDwarven SettlementFinal DungeonFire DungeonFlying FortressForbidden TowerGearworks FactoryGhost TownIce CavernLabyrinthMausoleumMinesMystical ForestNecropolisPrison - Storage RoomSewersTorture ChamberUnderwater TempleWasteland Ruins"	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,Title says it all. Want to make a part of my dungeon with moving platforms the player has to get on to move across a space but can't quite figure out how to make it work.,do you guys know any? or a way to change the battle system to atb,HelloI was wondering if anyone could help me find new animations for this. I've been looking at the nets, and tried various things. but I found nothing very inspiring and I am unable to create new animations ,Posted: April 30it's ok.,I just picked up 3 more music packs, I strongly suggest you new people do the sameI've been here quite awhile and Have A LOT of the DLC's, but you never know what you're going to need down the road, so best to scout around and get stuff while it's on sa...,Posted: May 3one day i will complete a projectthen you'll seeyou'll ALLLLL see,Posted: May 4Guy who made this is a mastermind...He deserves every penny for this.Thank you man.<3,So, for thematic purposes, i was trying to jury rig a 'metronome' like move that would randomly pull up a move for the PCs to use in battle.  It used a common event, around 18 If statements with else statements, and the Random Set feature for the variable..."
"183"	"837920"	"Abnormal world: season one"	2018-04-18	0.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This GameIn this big abnormal world, there is not enough food. Your task is to feed the inhabitants of this world.You need to draw a line on the screen to feed them. From the tap, giving candy to their mouth.Each season will be updated.Total will be 3 seasons. Updates are free of chargeDrawing: Evgenia slepisheva."	""
"184"	"986170"	"Earth 2160 - Digital Deluxe Content"	2018-12-14	2.99	"Strategy"	"About This ContentThis EARTH 2160 - Digital Deluxe Content allows players an in-depth insight into an unique and hazardous gaming universe.EARTH 2160 Digital Deluxe Content includes:Art-Pack consisting ofED and LC Base Construction samplesLC and UCS Unit Construction samplesHiRes Render Artwork Wireframe and In-Game render modelsFull HD WallpaperHi-Res Poster ArtEARTH 2160 SDKBenchmark ToolSliding Puzzle Game (Windows only)Making Of VideoCheats and Strategy Guide [German only]LightMap Samples of EARTH 2160"	"HiI have a problem with my Display. It dont show in die buildmodus where i can place buldings. And the first icon in the menuelist is not showing. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1721558718i have no idea what is wrong. i try ...,Does anyone know where to get the tools to edit unit abilities such as health, cost, etc?  I'm sure they are out there as there are mods for this game, but how exactly do you change these aspects of buildings and units?  Thanks,Хелло. Кто играет в эту крутую игруху добавляйтесь в друзья и поиграем вместе,I've got my mod ready to be put into a .wd file but idk how to make it into a modcan someone help me with this,We made a Linux port and released it. The port is done with Wine and is tested for latest Steam OS and Ubuntu. If any problems occur please post here."
"185"	"744240"	"FISK"	2017-12-21	1.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This Game《FISK》is a simple 2D platform game made by myself, based on the classic jumping elements of 2D platform game. You can complete the mission through enhanced action capability by interaction with monsters using simple buttons. At present, this game contains four worlds and two levels of difficulty. There are many checkpoints on normal difficulty level, and it is not hard to complete the mission other than full collections. Grateful acknowledgement is made to juhani.junkala for the free music on opengameart. Five background music with SFC style perfectly matches with the game's overall style and the play rhythm.Characteristics of the game* Simple button input (Left and Right + two buttons) brings about various platform action operation through capturing different kinds of monsters. * Fully support of gamepads: all gamepads with X-input mode and steam gamepads * Four worlds * Two levels of difficulty (many checkpoints on normal difficulty level)Future*STEAM Trading Cards*New world:New levels based on interaction with new monsters will continue to be updated"	"Posted: March 3, 2018Even though I havent played this game a lot, I have already fallen in love with it. With a catchy soundtrack, siple platforming anyone can learn, and some challenging level design, I love this game! It is one of the many major platformers I have played, and by far one of the best."
"186"	"683740"	"Nidhogg 2 Soundtrack"	2017-08-15	7.99	"Action,Indie,Casual"	"Reviews“one of the best soundtracks in recent memory.”95 – Destructoid,About This ContentPrepare yourself for the Nidhogg 2 Soundtrack with some extras that aren't in the game! Mux Mool - Intentional Death and Dismemberment PlanGeotic - KnapsackMux Mool - ThrustMux Mool - Raw GoreMux Mool - Menu ChowOsborne - SumsMux Mool - Hog KnucklesMux Mool - Land Of SandDoseone - Number1Mux Mool - Foghat LeghatDaedelus - TiptoesMux Mool - Oh YeahMux Mool - GruntOnce the DLC is installed...1. Find Nidhogg 2 in your Steam Library2. Right click it and go to Properties3. Go to the Local Files tab4. Click Browse Local FIles5. Open the Nidhogg 2 Soundtrack folder6. Enjoy!"	"Disgusting, Are they trying to appeal to kids? Its very ugly, not really interested because i was so turned off by the art style. Why not have at least humanoid type character instead of these weirdly shapped lifeless kiddie things they drew up,We need more people! Play online you cowards!,I really hope to be able to purchase a native GNU/Linux build of the game this time around. Was really sad that Nidhogg never got released for Linux. ,AS A PROUD SUPPORTER AND OWNER OF NIDHOGG I MUST SAY THAT THE MUSIC AND ART THEME DEPICTED IN THE TRAILER IS A HUGE STEP BACKWARDS FOR THIS BRAND NAME AND WILL NOT SUPPORT THIS VERSION.IT LOOKS STUPID AS HELL. THE MUSIC IS ANNOYING AS WELL.WHAT THE HE...,Just got the game  and it's stuck at 30fps instead of getting to 60fps.It's not dropping, it's a constant 30 and Gameplay is way slower than I've seen in the videos.Specs:Rx 480 8gbI5 250016gb ramWin 10"
"187"	"793554"	"SENRAN KAGURA Peach Beach Splash - Famitsu Pack"	2018-03-07	NA	"Sexual Content,Nudity,Action"	"About This ContentThis DLC pack includes the following items:・OutfitsFamitsu T-shirtFamitsu Swimsuit,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Hey everyone,I wanted to make a central bug thread so you guys know what we're working on and what information we need before we can start working on these fixes. I'll be trying to scour the threads for new bugs, but if something's not up here already p...,hola gente, en este juego hay algun parche o algo para que quede en subtitulos en español?,Can we get a 90-95% discount for DLC? I'm not joking. You'll probably make a lot more money anyway.,,So, the current full cost of all DLC is of 10x the price of the base game. Is it worth it that much? And why is it so expensive?,Posted: May 2I do recommend this game but this game has no replay ability i find my self playing the same characters just using my waifu and fighting bots on the multiplayer,Posted: May 3It's for the gameplay"
"188"	"857230"	"The Vrennman Case"	NA	NA	"Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This GameThe Vrennman Case is an adventure game in which you uncover the secrets of a demonic cult, solving puzzles that have you cross the line between the world of the living and the spirit world.You play as the demon-hunting police detective John and his ghostly companion Ellen. Use her abilities and combine them with Johns earthly skill to actually touch anything larger than a spoon, to find out what happened in this dark and desolate place - the Vrennman Mansion.Examine your surroundings very carefully and gather information. Use them to solve weird puzzles ranging from blood sacrifices to wild mushroom fantasies. But beware!Sometimes the most obvious solutions are not the best solutions.Features Inspired by norse myths and classic demonology Play a ghost and walk through walls, closed doors, people, doesn't matter. Ghosts can walk through anything. Ellen is not an exception. A world in which you can interact with almost anything. Complex branching of events that depends on what you did and what you didn't do. Collectibles that tell yet another story"	""
"189"	"91100"	"SkyDrift"	2011-11-21	9.99	"Racing,Indie,Flight,Controller,Multiplayer,Action,Arcade"	"About This GameGet closer than ever before to the world of adrenaline pumping sky-racing where flyboys can test and master their flying and combat skills against the deadliest opponents!Admire amazingly detailed terrains. Unlock state-of-the-art planes and personalize them with unique racing skins.Be the first on the single and multiplayer challenges, where possibilities are limited only by your own imagination.The goal is simple: If you can’t overtake them, shoot them down!Key Features:Eight Modern Planes to Fly: Choose from eight modern, state-of-the art airplanes turned into killing machines, each with four different skins for a total of 32 unique racing skins.Six Power-ups!  Capture up to two different powers in your plane’s arsenal, then collect upgrades to increase the strength of those existing powers. Strategy becomes key as you must choose which powers to keep, which ones to upgrade and which ones to convert into Boost energyStunning Visuals: Race through scenic venues like the Grand Canyon, Alaskan Terrain and Hawaiian Islands, created with beautiful, vibrant colors.8-person Multiplayer:  Take your friends down online in this fast and furious battle.Three Unique Game Modes:  Power Race Mode is high-speed racing paired with power-ups; Speed Race Mode where players navigate the course through ring targets that accelerates plane speed and Survival Mode where pilots race against the countdown clock and each other."	"Posted: May 3, 2016RECOMMENDATION?:*Yes, for casual gamer who enjoy sky-racing, combat flight, speedy flight, competitive racing*No, if gamer is looking for professional flight, plane modification, open world, it doesn't have.GAME MODE:Singleplayer Campaign (Stage by stage)Multiplayer (Game mode same as campaign)+Free demo is available!+Good quality graphic for 2011 tech+Beautiful landscapes!+Nice designed planes+Exciting fast-paced speedy mode to play! +Combat balanced!+Encounter some traps during last lap!+Easy to learn!+Easy to unlock+85% discount on STEAM!-Map repeat but different challenge-Need more map-Need more game type-Limited area to flyENJOYMENT: *Score for Campaign 8/10 *Score for Multiplayer 8/10MORE INFORMATION:*My Screenshots:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087794419/screenshots/?appid=91100&sort=newestfirst&browsefilter=myfiles&view=imagewall*IGN review score 8.0/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR-sEy10I3YWORTH BUYING?*Yes, if you want the developer continue make a good game in future!*No, if you can wait for 85% sale in future!*Price History:https://www.steamprices.com/us/app/91100/https://www.exophase.com/game/skydrift-steam/prices/http://store.steampowered.com/app/91100/FILE SIZE:481MB,Posted: July 19, 2017Star Wars: Episode I - Racer+Mario Kart=SkyDrift,Posted: June 15, 2015Skydrift is a fun and fast arcade style combat-racer with planes. It does a lot of things good but also has some problems too.The good: Gameplay is fast even down to the load times. You can finish a race in 3-4 minutes, so it's a perfect pick up and play game. The weapons are basic, but fun to use. Machine guns, homing missiles, mines and Area-Stun shock. Opponents are challenging, but not unfairly so. I'm not sure if the AI has rubber-banding or not - but they do keep up.The tracks are cool with open spaces and small tunnels. Driving through small tricky spaces are awarded with boost. A few different game modes like the basic death race, elimination and speed race. Different planes to unlock and choose from with different stats, not a crazy amount of variation as they basically handle pretty much the same anyway. Every plane has 4 different skins to unlock and choose from. The campaign is lengthy enough, nothing spectacular: No story or real progression, just pick your plane and finish the next race and earn more plane unlocks and skins. Has controller support for Xbox-compatible controllers and Joysticks.The bad: Very few tracks. Fortunately, they are good and look different from one another. They do reverse the tracks in some races to give it a bit of a spin. Also in some races the scenery starts exploding and falling apart and adding hazards to the race. This one is a common problem with flying racing-games. As flying gives you so much freedom in all directions it's a bit difficult to lay out a track. This game handles it fairly well in most places: the tracks are designed to funnel you in a certain direction and arrows guide you in the right direction and creates borders. But sometimes there are obstacles that fall just in the line of that funnel and an invisble wall forcibly guides you in the right direction resulting in annoying crashes. There IS multiplayer. But it's a ghost town. No-one playing. This can't really be faulted on the game itself. But just a heads up for those looking to play online. Has Xbox controller support - but the screen icons do not change from the keyboard layout. You can view the controls from the options however.,Posted: June 24, 2017This game reminds me of the Gremlin Interactive game Slipstream 5000 from the mid 90s.  It's fast and precise and offers a very reasonable learning curve.  I was surprised how good it looks considering the reasonably low spec hardware it requires.  I have it running on an AMD A10-7700K with R7 on-board GPU with 8GB Ram at a steady 55fps.  All the game settings are set to MAX.  If I dropped a few details I got well over 60fps.Overall this game is entertaining me and keeping me challenged at every stage.  The tracks themselves are well designed and offer great replayability.  The different ships handle very differently and there is one to fit all racing styles right from the get go.This game offers its own goals and achievements as well as those on Steam.  They range from very easy to very challenging.  Tried the Multiplayer, at 1am, but no one was about.  But their are an enormous amount of entries on the Single and Multiplayer leaderboards, so I'll have to try it again in the day.This game IMO is definitely worth getting.,Posted: June 22, 2014The Good:* Pick-up-and-play gameplay works well* Well-balanced combat and plane variety* Entertaining difficulty (not too hard or easy)* Well worth the priceThe Bad:* Bad graphics for its time* Recycled textures* Physics engine is poor* No plane customisation* The power-ups could be rebalancedBottom line:Good for a quick ten-minute gaming session when not in the mood for something more serious. Certainly worth spending 2 or 3 USD on during a sale.,Posted: November 1, 2014Love the gameOne of the best racing games everLove the concept,Posted: November 3, 2014How this game isnt a hit is beyond me. The controls are tight and very responsive, the planes have weight and the combat is oh so satisfying. I could see this in an arcade machine sucking up all of my money. This is one game easily worth full price.,Posted: February 9, 2017Essentially Mario Kart w/ Extreme Air Racing, SkyDrift is an airplane racing game with weapons. Fly through tight courses with some wide and narrow areas as you hit powerups and decide when to deploy them, or toss them to gain boost and overtake your opponents, but getting in front means getting shot at! With variety of planes with different amount of acceleration, maneuverability, top speed, boost, etc. as well as different paintjobs to unlock, it's a load of fun to race laps in all the different planes, which can win the race, depending on how you exploit its capabilities to the fullest! Graphics are quite good, not cartoony, and controls are quite crisp, required when racing is as frantic as it is.,Posted: July 7, 2014Extremely fun game, got it on sale and don't regret it, would have payed more.Haven't even tried multiplayer yet and I can say it's one of the most fun games I've played in a while. There's an element of adrenaline, chaos, split-second decisions, not even good racing games are as cool as this. The game looks and sounds good, the planes have a degree of customisation (paint) and you have enough planes to choose from. The combat system is good as well, making it easier for new players to adapt rather than making it difficult to shoot stuff. Arcade is the largest factor of this game, simulation not so much, and good for it.You do need some time to adapt, won't be pro on the first tries, but there's no way you're not gonna enjoy this even a little bit. It might not be addictive, grant it, but that's not a bad thing; this is the sort of game you keep in your library and now and then come back to, because it's gonna be fun anytime.PS: Joystick or at least controller, keyboard won't be as good.,Posted: November 27, 2017Excellent game. Would recommend. Not a flight simulator but a fast, fun, Mario Kart style racer.And it is fun. Really fun!Several planes to choose from and more available with DLC. A couple of cool race modes plus online deathmatch which is a blast.Two drawbacks: limited tracks and unfortunately, limited online community. Having said that, if you network enough you can find people to play against."
"190"	"883970"	"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder"	2019-01-24	11.99	"Early Access,Casual,Strategy,Simulation,Early Access,Building,Isometric,Dungeon Crawler,Villain Protagonist,Fantasy,Management,Singleplayer,2D,Resource Management,Dark Humor,Funny,God Game,Base Building,Comedy,Dark Comedy"	"About This Game\"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\" - Create your own Dungeon!It's your one all-consuming desire: To be the lord of the underworld! But for now, you're just starting out. Your subterranean labyrinth is really just a couple of rooms. The only inhabitants are a handful of scrawny earth imps milling about. Sure, they can clear rubble and like to cook, but they're just constantly resting. At this rate, you'll be old and gray before anyone even trembles the slightest bit. Only divine intervention can help these useless creatures pick up the pace. Build a shrine and increase your imps' motivation with a couple of measly prayers. After all – time's a-ticking to become a ruthless lord of darkness!Dive into the captivating world of \"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\". Discover an extraordinary tycoon strategy game in an impressive fantasy setting – and enjoy countless customization options. These include:Construction of a multi-tiered dungeon across several levelsUnique room types determined by different types of flooringA slew of subjects, from goblins and trolls to warlocks and vampires, who will help you advance your nefarious reignBattle features including raids, exploratory missions, and conquest of citiesEnlistment in a Horde, where you can master breath-taking dragon battles with your fellow playersA visually appealing fantasy setting with plenty of humorous ideasA Subterranean Tycoon Simulation\"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\" makes you the gatekeeper to the deepest, darkest places of the world. You are lord over your minions – and only by making sure their basic needs are met, will you be able to eek out every last drop of sweat for an optimal dungeon construction. Prove your leadership qualities and create your own dungeon in a memorable fantasy world.\"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\" - Fight, Rule, BuildThe adventure begins! Get \"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\" now and start your career as a terror of the underworld. Experience this well-rounded fantasy game full of strategy and tycoon elements. Set foot in your own dungeon!Note: \"Little Imps: A Dungeon Builder\" can only be played online, as it requires a constant internet connection."	"Posted: January 24Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewHeyo everyone!I want to preface this review with a quick fact: Much of what bothers me is EASILY fixable and if it was, the game would easily be a recommend. The short of it is that while this game IS marked casual, it's just too frustrating to play right now due to the long timers that building has on everything. 1 hour to mine gems, 30 minutes on gold, 60 seconds on a SINGLE tile of wall. I understand that for a casual game that you just minimize and move off to your other screen and forget about this might be okay, but it's just TOO restrictive to bring me to be able to recommend.The developer says that the game will be an upfront cost with no microtransactions even though the entire game is built around the game being a very MOBILE experience. Examples:1. You can buy chests with the gem currency and you can spend extra to open them all.2. You can speed up digging / creating by spending gems3. Every completed action (mining a single tile, building floors, building objects) needs you to CLICK on it to finish. This is just unnecessary!With the amount of things in the game that just SHOUT mobile game, it's amazing that they are putting this only on PC and they aren't going to have micro-transactions, because the entire game looks like it would revolve around, you guessed it, spending the gems and micro-transactions.If they fix some of the heinous wait times for completion of items and they really DON'T implement any type of premium currency then I do think this game would be fun! If it happens to change over the course of Early Access (which is super possible!) then I would change my review. As of now it stands though.If you want to get a BETTER idea of what you're getting into, please check my First 30 review video below. It shows you the systems that are in the game with some more in-depth explanations of why it seems like this is a mobile game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPVbQzb-tsYFinally, in the video I keep referring to spending gems as \"Premium Currency\" which is only half true. Typically the word \"Premium Currency\" is used for a currency that you generally have to spend money on to get and is a finite resource. In this game it may not TECHNICALLY be premium currency but it is still used as such, to do things that in any other mobile / PC game would be a premium currency transaction.Thank you!,Posted: January 24Early Access ReviewFeels like those Facebook games without the microtransactions, theres alot of waiting around, Rooms, Walls and even floors to so long to claim, now im not saying its not a bad game, but this game dosent come close to Dungeon keeper, War for the overworld and even KeeperRL, so all an all if u enjoy a slow paced game this is for u, an if your more old school fast pace then u may die of either waiting for the walls floors and rooms to be claimable or straight up boredom.Tho its early days, lets keep our eye on it and hope it dosent become too slow paced,Posted: January 25Early Access ReviewThis game is just a Steam based version of UnderMaster, which was released a few years ago as a browser game, but here its stripped of its microtransactions. I'd be on-board with this change if they took out the ridiculously long wait times for which there is now no remedy because of the afformentioned lack of microtransactions. Its pretty brazen to release an old game with a new title without so much as giving it a fresh coat of paint. Basically, it breaks the game to remove the pay-to-win mechanic without also changing the rest of the game to match.    Original game:  https://www.undermaster.com/game/,Posted: January 24Early Access ReviewOn the fenceOn one hand it seems to be a solid dungeon builder, with things like dungeon atractiveness and placing things how you want on the other it feels like a mobile game, the game seems to be increadably slow paced which might appeal to some and make others destroy thier keyboards in frustration. Personaly I cant decide but I dont think Ill play it again unless it becomes better paced.,Posted: January 26Product received for freeEarly Access Review EA Review It's a really slow paced dungeon builder with a lot of charm, but it's dreadfully slow and annoying at times. The $12 price tag makes it hard to recommend right now. It's a browser game converted over to a steam game, but they forgot to take out the huge wait times on building things. You can quickly finish production with crystals, but with the $12 price tag people are not going to expect this kind of system. It also has you click to finish production once the timer expires, which is painful and out of touch with a steam game compared to a phone or web game.  I missed the ability to rotate the camera or zoom in really close, which is things I'd like to see added to the game if possible. Hopefully a lot of these issues will be fixed and they will convert it over to a more fast pace game and not a pay to speed up type that it was in the past. With all that said some people find it more convenient to play in a lot of small short burst and this game will fill that void.   If you enjoyed my review please consider following and joining my Steam group Mature Minded Gamers We have free game giveaway's every month for all Members, just click Follow and Join!   Here is a 30 minute video of game play if you'd like to see in action. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ceh-idlHw04,Posted: February 28Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewI wanted to like this, I really did.5 button presses to place one tile.Wait times for everything. Reminds me of Dungeon Keeper mobile.This needs to fundamentally become more user friendly during early access or it is dead.https://youtu.be/eYoI01nnA3w,Posted: January 28Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewFirst off I have to thank upjers for giving this game to me for free.Now onto what I thought of this game.It is BAD plain and simple. It feels like a bad version of Dungeon Keeper Mobile, while charging near £10. Mobile/browser games just do not work as a PC game - unless they are browser based - a game that you have to pay for and install should not be EXACTLY like a mobile game.You have to sit around for ages - as everything has timed build times e.g. 5 mins to mine a piece of stone! You have to click an icon in order for jobs to get done - VERY BAD for PC gaming - otherwise it wouldn't be so bad to have running in the background or while you do other things.This is probably one of the worst PC games I have played to date - my rating is probably a 1/10 - even Evony is a better game :PAnyways if you want to see my gameplay + review of this game head on over to https://youtu.be/6Wz0DNfcl70 after 3rd Feb 2019,Posted: January 28Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewI am sorry but i had some high hopes for this game but to be 100% honest this game takes way to long and theres nothing to do in the down time if i am honest this game takes way to long, it takes a hell of a lot of time to get rid of walls and to build flooring and the time limit on making things in the work shop is also super long honestly this game is really boring me and even tho i did not buy the game and was gifen it the only thing this game has managed to do is use my electric with having my pc turned on honestly because of all the waiting time the game just boring to me. i honestly wanted to enjoy this game but i just didnt. if all this was sorted out then i would be very willing to change my opinion,Posted: April 3Early Access ReviewLets be frank....This is a browser game advertised as a dungeon builder sim and sold to people hoping for a fun dungeon builder instead you will get tedious micro-management in a way that just screams \"Cash Grab\",Posted: February 12Product received for freeEarly Access Reviewokay so i have to thank King art and upjers for the hook up on this game. I hate to be that person but here we go. first off i understand this is in EA, I really do, however the errors and the issues with the game currently really to much. The \"music\" just pulls me out of the game almost instantly. Then the lack of control with the AI and the camera angles. On top of that the waiting....my lord the waiting. Ill revisit after its been updated however i can not suggest the game at this time."
"191"	"778710"	"Tunescape"	2018-01-23	9.99	"Early Access,Indie,Casual,Early Access,Animation & Modeling,Experience,Building,Music"	"About This SoftwareBrowse & view VR experiences, or create your own with a full-featured editor! Using an inventory of basic objects, you're free to create whatever comes to mind. A set of scenes to play out in time with a particular song? A roller-coaster? Maybe something a bit more abstract.  Start creating right away, or kick back and enjoy unique worlds brought to life around you by viewing shared Tunescapes!  Includes an in-app music player, with a separate audio track for the animation timeline."	"Posted: March 11, 2018Early Access ReviewI actually bought game and it was so clunky that I had to request a refund. You have to use an Xbox controller to navigate. I couldn't figure out even how to do basic things. Game needs lots of polish.I was able to mess around and move things around. Change shape sizes and even add some items. But when it came to playing my song and animating objects to them. Well, all I could do was play my song. I couldn't even figure out if there was a template to use. The store videos look cool and I'd love to be able to do something even remotely close to that. I just couldn't figure out where to start.Sorry, but it's way too clunky / complicated to use in its current form. You definitely need a tutorial or a more intuitive interface. I know the app is only $5 and I shouldn't expect much. But it was useless to me. And nothing made me want to even try to figure it out since I was getting nowhere fast."
"192"	"775640"	"Robotpencil Presents: Exercise: Brushwork"	2018-01-03	3.99	"Design & Illustration,Tutorial"	"Steam VideoThis content is only available in an online streaming format. More information about streaming videos can be found in the Streaming Videos on Steam FAQ.,About This SeriesThis tutorial will help you understand the tools in Photoshop as well as the differences in brushwork. From soft brush to hard brush, small to big, texture and no texture."	""
"193"	"208460"	"Tryst"	2012-09-14	14.99	"Strategy,Action,Indie,RTS"	"Reviews“It could take the place of where Blizzard’s Starcraft is at the moment…”– The Gaming Review“The indie answer to StarCraft delivers on all fronts. With a memorable campaign and versatile range of possible play-styles, it's sure to keep the competitive and casual RTS crowd coming back for more.”– IndieGameMag.com“Tryst: Familiar at First, Then Begins to Show its Uniqueness.” – http://www.rtsguru.com/article/3952/Tryst-Familiar-at-First-Then-Begins-to-Show-its-Uniqueness.html“Short and sweet for accessibility”– http://press2reset.com/2012/08/30/preview-tryst/,About This GameTryst is a competitive Real Time Strategy Game that provides a unique, fast paced spin to the established strategy model that combines player choice with unit customization. War has erupted on the lonely planet of Ishtonia IV. Humans and a sentient, mechanical alien race known as the Zali – former collaborators in the mining and processing of the rare compound, Lohum – now see each other as threats to their continued existence on the planet both had so tenuously shared.Guide reluctant Overseer Oliver Petrovich and Rebel leader Aeryn Ozarr through the campaign where they witness the war breakout and fight their way through the madness to try and understand the cause of the sudden hostilities. What both have yet to realize is that they’re witnessing history, creating it, and somewhere down the line a tryst with destiny awaits.Or else, wade into multiplayer as either the Ishtonian Alliance or the Zali, fighting for control over resources while trying to outwit your opponent and survive the worst Ishtonia can throw at you.Key Features: Unique Character Abilities and Upgrades – Every unit in Tryst comes with its own unique set of abilities and upgrades to choose from.Competitive RTS Multiplayer – Supports upto 8 players with score tracking.Consequences – Both Single and Multi-player feature choices that aren’t always obvious at first but can still affect gameplay down the line.And Comebacks – For multiplayer, while choices do bear consequences, both good and bad, there is always a chance for a comeback. How? See feature 1!Environmental Hazards – Don’t let the maps fool you… They’re not just playing fields. They’ll take every opportunity to strike back at you.Keep on Going – You don’t have to worry about player who go offline or have to leave in the middle of a game. They’ll be replaced with competent AI immediately.Unigine Graphics Engine – State of the art visuals powered by the UNIGINE engine."	"Posted: December 26, 2013The graphics and playstyle remind me of Universe at War, Command & Conquer, and Supreme Commander.  The single player campaign is good.  I don't know what everyone is complaining about.  There are things that frustrate me a little such as no low health warnings for a Hero that you must keep alive to complete a mission.  Most of the time I've failed missions it's because a Hero died without warning.  Being attacked doesn't always trigger a warning either.  There's a LOT that needs to be done to make the single player campaign more enjoyable.  It's worth the $10 I paid during a holiday sale.  I wouldn't pay more than $20 for this game.  Haven't tried multiplayer and have no desire to because of how slow the game is.  It took me 20 minutes to build an army of 100 soldiers and unit cap is 100.  Painfully slow to build reinforcement units.   I love the tech tree!  It's simple and intuitive.  Wish there were more upgrades to choose for each unit.  Basic tech tree is also it's weakness it becomes too basic too quickly.  The menus and hotkeys are good.  Everything about this game is pretty good.  I've really enjoyed it so far.  I absolutely loved Universe at War and Supreme Commander.  If you like those RTS games then you'll like Tryst.,Posted: July 18, 2015A brilliant strategy game buried under an extreme lack of polish. Everything feels like it hasn't undergone a final quality pass, so much so that it's obvious in less than an hour that you've bought and paid for a half-baked effort.,Posted: December 10, 2013This game is bad. It is badly made graphic wise, story wise (for the campaign), sound wise and play wise. Everything looks bad including the sound and talking. Everybody sound stupid in the game and well, could it be more rehashed crap we've seen 10 thousands time the last 15 years? For god sake starcraft 1 today after 15 years is a more inovative and fun game to play than that crap that come from who knows where. I don't mind indie dev with poor graphics as long as the game is fun, but this crapfest is just not worth it. I got it for cheap on black friday sale and i still feel like i got riped off. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THAT GAME! DO NOT PRESS THE BUY BUTTON, YOU WILL LEAD A HAPPIER LIFE!,Posted: March 1, 2016At first I thought \"This reminds me of the 'old times' :D \" but after playing few missions It got boring and suddenly the difficulty level jumped up a multitude of time. The game seems as if the quality insurance manager was on vacation.Do yourself a favour and learn from other people's failure. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!!!,Posted: July 14, 2013AVOID.broken, unbalanced, passive AI, clumsy camera control. just stay away,Posted: February 1, 2017got it on sale, waste of money. wish the bad reviews had existed then and saved me from this mistake. Edit: I honestly wish i could just remove this game from my steam library.,Posted: July 20, 2015Bad game not worth buying. Game is very glitchy with controlls.,Posted: December 11, 2017The price is a joke. This is like a Special Ed class project version of Starcraft II and an obvious rip-off. Everything is horrible.,Posted: August 10, 2015I feel genuinely sorry for these developers, They tried to make good games, But they just failed, Or maybe they didn't but still, I feel sorry that they have made two bad games now and basically any game they make will just flop like these.,Posted: January 1, 2015Bought this game a while ago when finishing SC2 HOTS Campaign.I thought that the game looked an awful lot like the original StarCraft in 3D and paid the full price (~18€).BIG mistake, this game is no fun at all, despite of all the technical issues and the unifinished, unpolished state."
"194"	"217690"	"Anna - Extended Edition"	2013-04-12	9.99	"Horror,Adventure,Indie,Puzzle,Atmospheric,Psychological Horror,First-Person,Singleplayer,Story Rich,Great Soundtrack"	"Reviews“You can be sure of this: Anna is an engaging horror tale, intimate and with a strong personality. The best possibile debut for Dreampainters.”8.0 – http://multiplayer.it/recensioni/105996-anna-legami-di-sangue.html“If you want to learn Anna’s secrets, you’ll just have to meet her in the sawmill yourself.”9.0 – http://leviathyn.com/blog/review/anna/,About This GameSet in an abandoned sawmill nestled high in the Italian mountains, Anna challenges the player to uncover horrific clues and use them to solve puzzles related to your character’s dark past. The player’s behavior does not only determine the mental health of the main character but can also change locations and unveil new secrets leading to one of eight possible endings.Anna - Extended Edition has been given an overhaul based on the feedback of the thousands of players of the original Anna.  It features more environments, more hours of game play, more puzzles, additional gameplay features, enhanced graphics and an improved interface. Anna – Extended Edition is sure to please fans of psychological horror games and offer an even more chilling gameplay experience with these new additions.Features of Anna - Extended EditionA haunting tale of psychological terrorGame reacts to player's actions, changes locations and starts supernatural eventsPhysics-based environmental puzzlesEight possible endings, each determined by the player’s actionNew environments, puzzles, interface and musicImproved GraphicsCreepy in-game character: “The Wife Doll,” with new AIExtras includedPhotos of the real-world sawmill locationComplete soundtrack (Songs will be placed in your Anna folder in the Steam Directory: ...Steam\steamapps\common\Anna\Extras\Soundtrack)Main character’s notebook in English and Italian "	"Posted: January 24, 2016Game unusable and Refund Refused, stay away from this developer!   After Three Years I have finally had enough of the intrusive (and highly glitchy) Registration Process every time I want to play this game.  I really liked this game but I have never before come across a publisher who deliberately shoots themselves in the foot to this degree by barring the customers from playing a game they paid good money for.  STEAM should do something about this highly suspicious (and creepy) company who are harvesting personal information and ripping people off in this way.EDIT......I had an important question about my review that I should share with the steam community.  There is no doubt that Kalypso are selling our personal information to third parties.   I got so exhausted from the glitching and inconvinience of the registration system that I created an email for no other reason than to use it for the registration process and nothing else. Sure enough withing days of doing this i started getting spammed from all sorts of buisineses and scams. The only people who ever had this particular email was Kalypso so they must be selling our personal information to third parties.  It should also be noted that I left that particular email fallow for a month before registering it with Kalypso to see if It would get spammed if I did nothing, It didn't. That was evidence enough for me so I quickly closed it down. I made my findings known and took exeption at what they were doing, I asked Kalypso for a refund which they refused.,Posted: October 1, 2015“Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart … Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.” ~ Carl JungThe first time I tried to play this game, it annoyed me a bit. Most beautiful atmosphere, sure. But the camera movements were lagged and inventory interface was downright annoying. I gave the game an hour or so, declared it as \"meh\" and quit to complete it for achievements on a later date. That was before I managed to get into the house. After my success, I learned that I couldn't be more wrong.Anna is a tragedy, adorned with a love story, a murder, a forgotten promise and the cult of the Sacred Feminine. Our protagonist is an esteemed professor of history who gives lectures at a university in Italy. Important to note that he is specialized in mythology and folktales - because this is where social sciences tend to present complications fitting for a horror story. Life goes pretty much ordinary - aside some vaguely disturbing and symbolic dreams that he has been having - until he finds an envelope in his closet which leaves him with a sense of uneasiness. He avoids the envelope like the plague until his assistant conveniently spills tea over it, making opening the thing a priority. Then, he discovers photos of him in places that he has no memory of visiting. And the implication of a woman being there. He takes a pause, and mumbles to himself: \"Anna, how could I forget you, my love\".We learn all this information from our professor's notes, meeting him the first time where he stands outside of an abandoned country house in a secluded valley. This is the house that he's been dreaming of, and he intends to discover more about it at any cost. I warn you: this is a \"be careful what you wish for\" scenario and it includes many disturbing symbolic imagery, knowledge of the occult, and the versions of folktales that Disney wouldn't even touch with a 10 foot pole. So keep reading if you are interested in a kind of dread that Lovecraft would be much proud of.I wouldn't like to exaggerate anything, but the atmosphere is really marvelous and effective. Every detail is carefully put together to arrange the correct mood, empowered with symbolisms and background noises. Drawings and writings on the wall, lights flickering and beaming on furniture, random events and paranormal occurrences within the house makes you tiptoe, and jump at the tiniest of changes in setting. Yes, there are jump scares, but on contrary to a brutally gory display which we are used to, such events are presented elegantly with the usage of either uncanny symbolisms - concerning many, many weird puppets - or the usage of partial objects that would poke your unconscious with a needle like Silent Hill did back in the day. All of this is accompanied by the most beautiful soundtrack, full with suspense and emotion.As for story, all events center the cult of the Sacred Feminine, where female force is idolized like a deity, or even a paranormal entity. I was astonished at the amount and authenticity of lore accumulated in this game. Story and atmosphere combined with the theme of survival horror, I think Anna as a more female oriented version of Amnesia: the Dark Descent. We have a flaw in memory, an abandoned settlement with occult on goings, appearances of most strange and disturbing phenomenon and a mystery to solve at all costs, mostly to our own inconvenience.As for gameplay itself, there are much that lacks, I won't lie. There are books to collect and learn from, intuitions to combine, items to gather and puzzles to solve. Both without a basic background on at least mythology and an understanding of societal belief, the game would feel plain. Puzzles and most items do make complete sense only if you are already familiar with pagan customs. It is a feast to the ones who are interested in the lore, but I'd advice to skip this game for the casual horror game player.If we are to be straight with the negative, controls do suck. Okay, you cannot go wrong with the tradition of WASD, but camera controls lag horribly, and mouse sensitivity is abhorrent. You basically go pixel hunting to grab something you are interested in, and I have been stuck with inventory bugs that makes it impossible to go through your documents for more than once. You save. You quit the game. You restart, reload. This is a thing now. Sorry.Still, if you are persistent enough to endure controls - you get used to it as a nagging spouse after a while - and set aside the 3rd Party DRM that belongs to Kalypso, it is a good game. As a market strategy, a 3rd Party DRM is a really bad call and I've read there are issues of lost CD Keys about this game too. If you are interested, I advise to play the game in a 3-4 days period, complete everything and get done with it, for being on the safe side.Is it worth all this trouble? Most would say definitely not, but I'm still glad that I was stubborn enough to go through with it. The true ending - it has 8 different endings depending on different courses of action you may take - baffled me and made complete sense for me. I gulped down the rest of my coffee and shed a tear, knowing what this whole ordeal was about. A tragedy, a warning, a mistake to be corrected, a demon to be faced... Call it whatever you may. On a last word, I loved it. I loved Anna, the Sabot Maker and our poor professor. I hope you'd give them a chance to haunt your subconscious too.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator page here - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!,Posted: June 3, 2017Well, I don't understand the mixed ratings for this one. This is hands down the scariest game I have ever played. I have never played a game 3 times , now starting the the fourth time without a game in between in my 22 years of PC gaming. Every time I play it, I see new things. I'm still not bored. I do not find the mechanics clunky in anyway. They are as close to point and click (my preferred genre) as they come. To me, it's kind of like playing the original Nine***do, directional buttons with 2 action buttons... WASD and the mouse. *A little about the fear factor:  Jumpscares, it's got 'em, but not so many as not to wear out the scare factor. I don't like jump scares in general, but they are well done here and as I said, few and far between when you least expect them. I hate to give too much away, but expect tons of paranormal activity, especially if you have patience and just stand around like one of the walkthroughs advises. Expect to be pushed, see things thrown across the room and things thrown at your face. It's first person and you can expect to be levitated or lifted from the floor being strangled by chains just to name a few.  You will be lit on fire, frozen in place, surrounded by dark entities and so much more.  I used every walkthrough I could find and did everything advised to see as much as possible. But, there are things I just cannot get to repeat which I would love to see again, although I don't know if I could handle everything in one play through, LOL  I am now doing my best to desensitize myself to the fear factor! LOL These things are not mentioned in any walkthrough, althought to give the WT writers credit they try not to give too much away. I gave more away in this review as to try to encourage people to play it. Maybe if you have some idea of what you are in for it may make the game more appealing than it's rating allows.   It is a game of patience and replays, which is obvious with 8 endings! However, it does seem as though you can hit many of the endings and then continue with save points.  I enjoy just standing around waiting for the next rumble (which signifies activity) to see what will happen next. Then move to a new spot in the room and repeat.  In my experience, the events never stopped.  Some of the walkthroughs will state if you hear this or see that you will not see anything else, but I found that not to be true. You won't see any of the \"events\" required for 100% compIetion but there will still be plenty to freak you out!  I will be playing this for a while. If you want the story first you will need a walkthrough to get it. Otherwise when you get to the end scenes you will get a message saying \"you haven't learned enough\" and a bad ending,  which made me so freaking angry!!!  LOL *A note about the DRM:  I guess I find it difficult to understand why it seems like I am the only one bright enough to create a junk email account. Go to one of the many services out there, hotmail, yahoo, whatever and create an account. You do not even need to use your real name!  Use this account for occasions in which you do not want to use your personal email address. I have an account, always have, just for situations like this. I rarely visit it because it is full of spam but if I need an address to activate something, I have it. I use this account for all kinds of things.  But, those spammers are not sending crap to my personal email. If anyone has any questions about this please feel free to message me. *Please see edit #2 below. I highly recommend this game, but, if you can't take the fright or don't have much patience stay away. It is not a shooter or action game. It is an adventure game, my favorite so far.  Great job!  Update:  I just finished the original version (here on referred to as OV) of  Anna. I've seen questions about it in the forums and thought would add a few thoughts here. If people complained about the controls, etc this is probably why. This version could be considered a \"demo\" of the extended edition (hereafter referred to as EE). It is very short, less than half the size of the EE. The controls are clunky with a click on an object resulting in a menu with choices of use, examine and pick up. The inventory has the same scheme with every item clicked. LOTS OF CLICKS to do anything. There are no books, letters, intuitions or sanity bar. It is very much like an adventure game of the 90s. If you played the OV and think the EE will be more of the same you couldn't be more mistaken. This is quite a makeover with many more areas, new ways to do things and just more of everything! I fear this may be where many of the lower reviews came from, but these guys fixed it and then some. Enjoy!Edit #2: I finally learned about the horrible antitheft program for this game. I got a new computer and actually had to email them to release my key so I could play it again. I still think the game is worth it, but I will never buy another product with this particular setup again. Good news is, the developers have personally informed me they will also never use it again. So, we can happily await their next release without fear!,Posted: March 8, 2016Three separate play attempts, three separate walkthroughs followed to the letter, one game destroying glitch each time.  I cannot possibly recommend a game that won't let me finish it because an important event towards the end cannot be triggered due to some unfathomable glitch.And the 3rd Party DRM?  What fresh hell is this?  Steam itself is a DRM Slavemaster, but at least it works, I don't need temperamental 3rd Party DRM working in tandem that only lets you play your legally purchased game if it feels like it.  I'd consider overlooking that point if the game actually worked, but it doesn't, so I won't.,Posted: November 15, 2014Basically you have this adventure game with a pretty intriguing story and a very cool atmosphere.  Sounds like it has a lot of potential right?But let's talk about the controls.  There's idiotic things like not letting you escape out of your inventory by hitting ESC.  You have to hit \"I\" again.  And then there's the inventory itself.  It's very awkward where you have to scroll through a bunch of stuff you have.  The interface could use a lot of work.And now let's talk about \"pixel hunting\".   You know what's frustrating?  Going into a dark room with a bunch of items scattered about the room.  The thing you want isn't an more noticeable and hidden a certain area and it looks just like all the other stuff you can't click on.  So the only way to find it is to move your mouse over every possible item on the screen.  Ugh.  I combed rooms and missed things before and I had to use a walk through a few times to find things.And now let's talk about the worst part of the game.  The puzzles.  Some make sense, many do not.   There's a very thin section of wall you need to break through.  Maybe use a stone or something?  Nope.  You have this metal gear piece.  Maybe you can use that to break through?  It's metal and looks fairly heavy, should bust through.  Nope.  I have a full canteen, that should be kinda heavy...  Nope.   Solution?  You gotta use a tree branch to break through.  A tree branch!  To break through a wall.Yes, that makes sense, right?  The whole game is full of puzzles that barely make sense.   The other use for a tree branch?  There's a knife lodged in a wooden table.  You want that knife.  Your possible tools to get this knife blade out?  Your hands.  Nope, you''ll cut yourself, that makes sense.  An axe!  Let's just chop it out.  Nope.  A shovel?  Maybe you can whack it out or pry it?  Nope.  Ah ha!  I found a woodworking tool!  That's gotta be it.  I mean how else do you get a knife out of a WOODEN table!  HAHA YEAH RIGHT.  Obviously you would use a tree branch to get a knife out of a wooden table.Good puzzle games, when you figure them out, you go \"AHHHHH!  That makes sense!  Why didn't I think of that?\"  Anna, you can actually play with a walk through and be like \"uhhhh, ok, I don't get it but sure whatever.  I guess it might make sense maybe?\"  That's what made the Lucas Arts games so much fun.  You might have NO idea how to pass a certain part of the game but if someone tells you the answer or you brute force the answer you think \"Oh my god, that makes sense!\"  I remember in Monkey Island where I couldn't figure out what to trade the head hunter.  So I offered him everything in my inventory until it worked.  And when the item that worked was offered I had to laugh because it made complete sense once I thought about it.  Anna, I used a walk through heavily after figuring out how terrible the puzzles were.So basically, do not recommend this game in the form it is in now.  Now, if they went through and fixed a bunch of things and redid a lot of the puzzles, I think this could be a very good game.   It's just fairly minor things that need fixing, but a lot of things.  Inventory fix would be very easy and then it's just fixing the puzzles.  It almost feels like it would only take a week or two of work to fix the game completely.It's a shame too because I think the story and atmosphere is great.  If you are a HUGE paranormal / occult story fan, the game is worth playing for the story.   Just make sure to have the walk through available for you so you can just play through the story without any of the frustration.,Posted: July 16, 2015be weary, game uses DRM which requires you to register your email account before you can play this single player game.... That wouldn't be so bad if the log in launcher didn't tell you your product key was already in use if you don't play the game for a few months...,Posted: July 18, 2016Could be a good game, but it's just an annoying point and click fest, most of the time you'll feel like exploring every inch of the given map to find all the needed items, and then just trying to use'em in every interactable place... but that's just the nutshell of how bad it is, my main concerns are:1. HORRIBLE CONTROLS, one of the worst I've ever seen, the camera is worst than if you were drunk playing anything else, pretty bad menu interaction, no shortcuts, just awful.2. Pretty bad programmed game, just happens that my pc is good enough to run way better graphics games, but on this one it simply lags for no reason, and I doubt the devs will do anything about it since its problably just a dead game in their hands by now, and no, I don't wanna waste hours of my time to solve a problem that shouldn't be my own, devs should be concerned about it, not me/us.3. Talking about the point and click fest, it sounds so random, you do wanna try to use your head and think how the puzzles should be solved, but no, you better just try most of the things randomly, or you WILL get stuck, just in the 2nd part of the game (this isn't a spoiler at all, it's a pretty short example) when I entered the house, you are supposed to remove a stuck knife's blade out of a table (among other things), so, I have a bunch of objects I collected that I have no idea where they gonna work at all, I have an axe, a huge blade, blablabla, no, they won't remove the knife's blade from the table, but the TREE BRENCH that I got earlier, of course, THIS ONE removes the knife's blade.... that was enough for me, you see? you want to use your head, but you better just randomly try every object you got, oh and be sure to look in every corner, every small inch, because if you missed something, you can be stuck having no idea what to do, no fun at all, I'm sorry, and if you wanna know, I love puzzle games, and I played alot of'em, Zelda, Penumbra, Amnesia, Resident Evil, any puzzle game you guess, is 10x better than this one.,Posted: May 27, 2014Anna-It has an eerie story, a few \"jump scares\" that we're tastfully done, but overall the game wasn't fantastic. I spent a few hours banging my head against some of the puzzles, as even though you're given a LITTLE direction, it's not enough half the time. If you're looking for a pretty game, this is it. Anna has it's own DRM, along with Steam, which some might find obnoxious. I forced myself to 100% it, alot of it in offline mode. I would have to give it a 4/10, it did spook me a few times and give me the \"WTF is that?! OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments. The story could of been a bit more fluffed, and the puzzles given a little more direction. I spent most of my time, wandering back and forth in areas for a bit trying to find that TINY clue I needed to move on.I recommend googling a \"Walkthrough/How-To\" for this game when you get stuck, or go slowly your first playthrough. Pay attention to every tiny detail.My opinion on the matter, this game could have been more.,Posted: April 28, 2015This game is absolutely beautiful graphically. The shadows, the feeling. Good graphical design. Audio also is very good. Also story writing. Reading the journal first time was long but very interesting. So storytelling is also good.What this game lacks of is UX-design or User Experience. Seems like Kalypso or whatever company had no money for UX development. Inventory is crap. Searching a pixel on 1920x1080 in darkness is hopeless time waster. Even the inventory items look like crap. And puzzles. This is all the field of User Experience design. And this game does not have it.Still a quick play through so. Don't buy it if you don't like clumsy UI-s.,Posted: January 7, 2017Apparently, Anna has mixed reviews, and I totally understand why. It has major flaws, which may be repulsive for a lot of people. To be honest, I gave up my first attempt of this game after trying to like it for an hour or so. The unbearable defects that are commonly complained about in the negative reviews of this game: lagged visual movements (poor optimization), ugly UI, and the awkward control. On the other hand, despite the incompetence in those aspects, this game is outstanding in my opinion.The soul of Anna as a game, is undoubtedly its story. Our nameless protagonist, an archeologist, is haunted by reoccuring dreams and déjà vu of a fenced sawmill located in the depths of a mountainous region in Italy, and a woman who seems to have a mysterious bond with him, called Anna. In his last dream, he finally finds himself inside the fence, and feels the presence of Anna ever closer, awaiting in that very house. A tragedy about love and madness, is to be unveiled. Just like how the protagonist is enchanted by Anna and keeps returning to the mill in his dreams, I somehow returned to the game several times in the span of one year and I finally had the patience to play it through. I must admit, it was definitely worthy.To be clear, Anna is a story-based, atmospheric puzzle game featuring psychological horror.Aesthetically, this game is great. When I was outside the house, it was lively and colorful. Once I stepped inside the house, it became gloomy and depressive. As I ventured deeper, the scene grew even more gruesome and macabre. The background music and sound effects of the game are executed perfectly and make significant contribution to the atmosphere. The chirps of the birds, the chatter of the brook, the rustles of the leaves outside the mill, and the creaks of the doors and the floor, the whispers of the ghosts inside the house, combined to be one of the most unforgettable immersion that I had ever experienced in a game. There're lots of reading in this game as well, from the protagonist's personal journal to books about fairy tales and cult rituals, varying from two or three pages to more than ten. Some people may find it tedious to read so much in a game but I enjoy it most of the time. The stories and lores in this game are actually interesting and well-written, and sometimes they're related to the puzzles you'll need to solve.The puzzles in this games are generally vague and abstract, which makes sense as most of them involve ritual procedures or cult traditions. It may take you plenty of time trying to figure out the correct combination of items and wondering what to do next. I'm kind of regretful for resorting to a walkthrough late in the game becuase I had been concentrating for so long that my brain probably became fatigue, which broke the immersion and reduced the sense of achievement each time I solved a puzzle.The game has 8 different endings so there's some replayability if you wanna try them out. It took me 5 hours to finish my first complete playthrough (assisted by a guide in the fifth hour). It's better to beat the game within one or to days to get a more continuous experience.Overall, Anna is not for everyone, especially the ones who don't care much for the story in a game and those who are just looking for a casual game to kill some time.That's about all I have to say. Anna you're flawed, yet you're beautiful in many other ways."
"195"	"818220"	"Fatal Stormer"	2018-04-04	NA	"Action,Indie,Casual,Shoot 'Em Up"	"About This GameFatal Stormer is a classical \"kill'em all\" scrolling arcade game, featuring modern graphics, sound and hardcore gameplay.During the game you will fly through 24 unique levels and 4 different worlds, defeating tons of enemies along the way. In the end of each stage you will find a unique level boss. At the last level of each episode you will find a very fat and an unfriendly dude. While you travel through the levels viewing local attractions and smashing your enemies - you will earn points and credits. You can spend crdits on improving weapons and ship at the store between the levels. In the store you will be able to rearm your spaceship, improve engines, shields, buy bombs and much more. For your entire career as a pilot of a warship you will fly through the expanses of distant space, visit an enemy planet, immerse yourself in the endless waters of the ocean and even go deep underground.In Fatal Stormer game you will find:  3 difficulty mode.  24 unique game levels, organized into 4 different episodes.  More than 60 enemy types.  20 Unique Bosses.  Many weapons and power-ups.  Lots of fun!"	"Posted: April 28, 2018NOT for casual gamers...I accidentally stumbled across this neat little side-scrolling Shmup, which is best described as an inspiration of the likes of R-Type, Söldner-X 2: Final Prototype and maybe Stardust Galaxy Warriors. I got it for a laughable price as low as 1, 30 € plus Paypal fees of 39 cents. The game is worth much more than that and if you're a Shmup fan and like to take a trip back to the good old days of Gradius and R-Type, this should have your attention. But be warned: In its current state (version 1.1), it has a few bugs here and there. It's generally a little rough around the edges and the checkpoint system makes the lowest difficulty setting an incredibly challenging one. I felt cheated on dying at the end of the level, being set back to the beginning! Checkpoint??! Actually there are checkpoints during the levels but sometimes a bug seems to not let you select to start from it. Frustration. Rage quit. Not only once. Let's get to the details:Graphics: The visuals are a treatment to the eye. Bright, crisp and colourful. The game is separated into four very different looking worlds, each consisting of a few stages with their boss enemy at the end. Stage diversity is a strong aspect of the game. There's a \"Space\" theme, an \"Earth\" theme and more which you have to discover by yourself. Don't check YouTube, buy the game! ; )Explosions look nice too. Shot down enemies topple across the screen and even bounce off walls, just to break into pieces after. That's a nice physic-y touch. Sound: Many people seem not to like it much, but I do. I was surprised how much I like the musical score. It's best described as some techno/electronic with guitar elements in some pieces. It just fits the game. In opposite to the music the weapon sounds cannot keep up. The shots you fire are barely noticeable, the audio lacks punch. I have the feeling that sometimes the sound is swallowed completely. Then you're just hearing the music and the explosion sounds. This needs adjustment!Gameplay/Game Design:In general, the game is playable without a hassle. Playing with a controller is the best way to enjoy this kind of game. Mouse and keyboard both are supported too, but personally, I wouldn't recommend to play that way.My personal issue is the kind of laggy ship movement. It's not the biggest of deals, but there's no question about a little bulkiness. Since enemy shots travel quite fast, it's not always easy (comfortable) to dodge bullets. Again: I expect a difficulty called \"casual\" to actually be comparably easy. I played Söldner-X 1 and 2 for a long time and I've gotten better and better over time. I had to learn enemy movement and bullet trajectory. Ship movement was no problem ever. In Fatal Stormer don't even try to learn enemy ships' flight path. It's just so random. The whole screen is full of bullets and enemies from all angles imaginable. Always. At any difficulty setting. At times you literally cannot dodge bullets but let your ship swallow. So you have to choose wisely which upgrades to install. The key to survival is to buy homing/auto targeting stuff early on, not to forget a proper shield. The game kinda forces you to play good and not to fxxx up mid-level, since you desperately need the credits that enemies leave after their death, to buy better stuff. Sorry folks, no grinding here. If you die, you don't lose one of your infinite lives (LOL), but you're being set back to the beginning of the level or checkpoint (if it works...) AND lose your credits you collected after the last level/shop visit.The game has four main worlds with very different settings. When I started in the first - the Space themed world, I thought: \"Cool, I'm going to upgrade my ship after every stage and in the final world I'll kick some ( Y ) with a super high powered-up space fighter!\" But no. After the completion of one world, it's like the end of a game. It tells you the score you achieved, that's all. Starting the next world (2nd is the Earth-theme) means: Start from scratch. No upgrades and no credits left from the last world. You have to build up your ship all over, otherwise, the game designers seem to think, there was no challenge. This is the worst aspect of this generally good game.My review might sound very negative, BUT: Apart from its hickups, it's fun while it lasts. If the developers patched it up, it could get great. Frame stutters out of nowhere can break the game's pacing and lead to unnecessary frustration.My system includes a GTX 1080 Ti, an i7-7700K and 16 GB of DDR4-2666 RAM, so hardware is definitely not the cause of problems here.I wish for the game to get more attention. It deserves some treatment. Its potential is great and I want to keep playing it for a longer time.At last, a list of pros and cons:Cons:- lackluster checkpoint system needs severe overhaul -> game is too hard at easiest setting- slightly sluggish ship movement- sound issues- vague ingame descriptions with false spelling- perma controller vibration after getting hit -> needs fixing! - frame stutters break game flow - questionable design choices: ship upgrades get reset in each world -> buzz kill...- only one ship- enemy recycling, diversity is a bit lackingPros:- graphics are bright and beautiful- level design and diversity- nice selection of weapons- lots of stuff to shoot up- great music fitting the action- low price- classic side-scrolling Shmup FTW!!Thank you.,Posted: July 4, 2018Fatal Stormer is passable as a shump and if your like shumps but are not very goods at them this could be a go to game for you. since you can upgrade your armor, buy heal droids and do to the divers weapons you can make a nice setup. there are also quite i few levels as the game has 4 areas with 6 levels + a boss each. if you're a hard core shump player i would not bother with this as all you'll see if the flaws and there are quite a few. i also got less frame with the more things that were on screen and this is why i'm downvoting this but if you are a casual shump'er you may want to look into this more if its on sale or in a bundle.,Posted: April 6, 2018Product received for freeFatal StormerA slick 3D sidescrolling shoot'emup, Fatal Stormer continues the time-honored tradition of horizontal sci-fi alien blasting made famous by legends like Gradius and R-type. Is Fatal Stormer worthy of the old school moniker that only the most well composed and pure shooters earn, or is it another watered down modern mish-mash of poorly implemented new features? Definitely the former!GameplayA large shield and health bar allow you to soak up multiple hits, as opposed to the arcade aspect of one-hit deaths. This is actually a good thing because its not your typical muscle memory arcade shmup, like R-type. Bullets come at you in sporadic bursts and pointed at your position, and generally you'll find it near impossible to not get grazed by one or two. Thanks to the heavy shielding, and the ability to buy more armor in the shop between levels, seemingly impossible tasks like the wall of bullets presented by bosses are just a bit more manageable and usually beaten within seconds of your final breath.The levels in Fatal Stormer scroll by deliberately slowly, and steadily. It isn't ridiculously fast and in your face like other shooters try to be, allowing you to really see the movement patterns of enemies and learn their routines for retries. It also allows you to really take in all of the beautiful scenery, and the extra crisp and sharp graphics of the game. In the end Fatal Stormer feels like less of an arcade-high experience and more like a space opera journey in arcade shooter form. The intergalactic adventure takes you through all sorts of varying sights and sounds, and some serious challenges, for an overall incredibly personal and satisfying experience.Between levels is a shop that lets you use up your hard earned gems from combat on weapons, items, drones, and upgrades. This shop feels similar to the in between shop sections of the classic Jets'n'Guns but with a much more simple and to-the-point selection of weapons, optional drones, and armor tiers to pad your fighter with better shielding for those later harder levels. Different guns are a matter of differing firepower, fire rate, and accuracy and different powerful side-arms can be bought and equipped with different really cool and creative firing patterns and functions.The controls are definitely a bit fast and float-y which makes sense that this is the kind of shooter that can even be controlled with a mouse, which is to say its a bit more on the casual side. The bullet patterns are very much random and not very composed, and the scoring mechanics aren't too deep or complex like in a modern Japanese arcade shmup so considering these things Fatal Stormer might not satisfy the most vetted of arcade Shmup aficionados. What Fatal Stormer does have is a lot of fun, and some really great scenery. The amount of interesting baddies to blow up and dodge is never ending throughout the 24 level journey, and the bosses are badass behemoths.Visuals/SoundVery upbeat and energizing electronic music, just as you'd probably expect a sci-fi arcade shootemup to have. Melodic plodding of piano keeps the cosmic and otherwordly settings, while the hyper beats keep you in the action. The sounds are all nostalgic of the arcade atmosphere of old, with all forms of 80's sci-fi pews, blips, and bleeps for the different enemy robots and their lazer firepower.Fatal Stormer looks really good, I would place it well above the standards of most indie arcade shootemups which opt for the much easier retro pixel style. The different celestial backgrounds are so lush, so detailed and they constantly change with story-telling bits of animated and moving setpieces. Bay doors open ominously in the background as security ships close in on your intrusion, and fleets of space drones swarm from strange mechanical tubes telling of an impending war in just some of the many epic space opera settings to come across. Bosses are huge and visually complex works of mecha art, and like the bright and loud cosmetically attractive arcade games of my youth the vibrant colors of gems that burst from enemies on their death are so satisfying in their appearance. You just want to keep collecting them and raising that high score.Final ThoughtEven if arcade shoot'emups aren't your thing, you've got to give this developer credit for the visual fidelity of his game. It doesn't have the most refined scoring mechanics or bullet patterns, which is okay because it is way, way fun. The settings you venture across are so vibrant in their cosmic beauty and the enemy designs are mouth-watering for any old school mech or shmup nerd. With a whole lot of retro shootemup offerings on Steam, this is most definitely one of the most polished and attractive around.This review made possible through the consideration and contribution of IndiePromo and the developer. ,Posted: April 7, 2018To say that Fatal Stormer is inspired by the DOS game Star Gunner would be an understatement, as it often takes design cues directly from that game, which is not a bad thing, since Star Gunner was and still is an excellent side-scrolling Shoot 'Em Up. Examples of these design cues are: the way enemies move into the field and the level design, the asteroid rain on the second level, the shop between levels, the gems that you have to collect for money, etc etc.At the time of writing I've played the first two levels on normal difficulty, and I intend to play more (I will update this review as I go).Let start with the good stuff:+ Excellent visuals, not only because the game is quite pretty, but also because the fidelity is great, I've had 0 issues with visibility so far. Also like the visuals for the gems you have to pick up, and most of the weapon effects look pretty good too. The explosions could be better though, right now they look too much like overlayed sprites.+ Large variation in encounters and enemy behaviour, really great for the gameplay, as you always have to be on your toes for something new. I've seen enemies coming from behind, from the background, shooting beams at an angle, shooting bullets, crawling over the floor, coming out of tubes, coming onto the screen in different formations, or flying randomly, it's good stuff!+ The background is alive, often you even see enemies flying in from the background, this is a nice innovation over something like Star Gunner, Fatal Stormer takes great advantage of its 3D nature.+ There's a shop, similar as it is in Star Gunner, except here it's a bit clearer what you can put on your ship per slot. The upgrades seem quite fun and varied, though I haven't tried too many of them yet. You can change your engine, armor and super weapon, and you have two slots for orbiting bots, two for side-weapons and one for a primary weapon.+ The bosses are not trivial, they have several different attacks, and they are definitely not easy. They are on the tanky side though, which might be frustrating in the earlier levels.Now the not so good stuff:- The presentation, UI and stuff around it feel extremely unpolished. The UI font clashes very hard with the game's cool futuristic space setting, and the buttons all look rather ugly. The UI menu visuals looks bland and uninspired. There are spelling errors all over the place, and the presentation in the shop menu is a bit lacking as well. In the option menu drop-down menus tend to hang. Some weapons statistics such as accuracy seem to be totally unclear in what they are supposed to represent, as randomly spreading weapons seem to have a higher accuracy than a laser that shoots as straight as possible (???). The weapon/item descriptions are really low-effort, a better attempt at providing some lore here would've been nice. The ingame UI is minimalistic, there could've at least been labels for the 3 meters that display health/shield/super-weapon. Everything is also rather small, some scaling option would've been nice. The boss meters in-game are glitchy/buggy, constantly shifting back and forth. The in-game font for the text that appears when you pick up stuff is really ugly, it clashes with the cool visuals. Transitions are often jarring, e.g. nothing feels dramatic about dying. All in all, it's quite hard to get immersed with these problems being present.- The music is quite forgettable and boring, I'd go so far and turn the music off and instead play Star Gunner's soundtrack over the gameplay. The sounds seem to do the job, and were nice in certain cases, though I don't feel a lot of punch when firing my own weapons, maybe this is because I didn't get the bigger guns yet.- There are some pacing issues. The levels are very long for instance, and without any lives, it is quite frustrating to die late in the level. It is also very easy to die late in the level, since the bosses at the end are extremely tanky. There are also some segments in the game that simply last too long, such as the asteroid rain at the beginning of level 2. This makes it frustrating to start over, when you die at the boss there. I did see some sort of checkpoint system, but I could not used it when I died at the level 2 boss.- While enemy variety is great, that's all there is. The level design is nice, but rarely seems to pose a challenge (e.g. bariers that you have to fly around, maybe they come later? The damage from hitting terrain seems negligible), and the lack of interesting powerups makes things a bit bland. Powerups sometimes drop, but mostly either speed you up or charge your shield. There don't seem to be big credit bonuses or other cool things, and they only drop from enemies, so you can't blow up the environment to find secret powerups, or find them by hovering over specific places, which was a very fun mechanic in Star Gunner for instance (not to say that it should necessarily be present here, but it did spice up the gameplay a bit). Actually, having to blow up certain structures and things to make powerups pop out could be a nice mechanic that works well here.- Repetitive enemy models so far. It seems that certain models have very distinct behaviors. It would be nice if these had a somewhat different look, to signal this better. It could be as simple as a different color, or a slightly different model.- The mouse control is horrid and unusable in its current form. It feels like I'm dragging a brick around on ice with a long rope. Keyboard control works fine though.In my opinion, the things the game does right, it does extremely well, and most of things that it does wrong are fixable or can at least be improved to the point where they no longer pose an issue. This is one of the closest attempts I've seen so far at making something that resembles Star Gunner, and I really like what I've seen so far. Looking forward to playing more soon.,Posted: June 21, 2018Product received for freeFatal Stormer:~~~~~~~~~~~Are you a fan of side scroller shoot’em up games? Are you looking for a game that can provide several types of challenging levels? If yes, you might need to have a good look at this interesting 3D arcade style of game called, Fatal Stormer! Fatal Stormer is an arcade side scrolling game where you take control of a vessel through 4 worlds and 24 missions. The game provides 3 levels of difficulty (casual, normal and hard). If you are not familiar with this genre of game, I would recommend playing your first playthrough in the casual difficulty. Saying this, the game is not as fast as others in this genre but has constant waves of enemies coming at you from all directions, which is still a thorough challenge in the lowest difficulty mode. As I mentioned above, there are 4 worlds to clear. Each world has 6 stages to complete which includes a boss to defeat at the end of 5 of the 6 stages. You must successfully complete one world at a time to unlock the next one. As you start your first playthrough, you’ll start your game at the workshop with 1000 credits on hand. With these credits you’ll be able to upgrade one of seven aspects of your vessel. Bear in mind, all upgrades cost a fair few credits. In any case, you can decide to upgrade your main weapons (lasers), secondary weapons (which vary from missiles to additional guns), engine, armour, repair bots (2 of them) and your special weapon. Then, you are ready to launch your first mission. As you are going through the stages, enemies (60 different types in total) will come from all angles. Some will come straight at you without firing any sort of projectiles while others will be shooting missiles, electric waves and others nasty projectiles. What you need to be very careful of is the health and your armour bar which is located on the top left side of your screen. Each of these bars has 10 blocks in them. Each time your vessel is hit by a projectile or smashed into by an enemy vessel, one of these blocks will disappear. First it will be the armour bar (the blue one) then your health bar (the green one). Don’t despair, as you destroy incoming enemies, they will drop coloured gems which will add onto your credits, or occasionally blue or orange canisters. The blue canisters will give you back an additional 25% armour when you pick them up while the orange ones will give you 25% towards your special weapon. That’s right, there is another bar which is orange and is dedicated to your special weapons. It will increase slowly but when it reaches is full capacity, you’ll be able to use the special weapon to get out of trouble. At the end of the 1 to 4 missions, you’ll have to face a boss fight, which are always fun to play. The five missions of each world are basically missions to destroy as many enemies as possible, gather as many gems as you can and upgrade your vessel with the best arsenal to defeat the main boss, which is at the end of the six missions.  What I really like in this game is that you can upgrade your vessels after each mission, but it will always depend on how many gems you have managed to collect. I must say that I was extremely impressed with the visuals. They are absolutely stunning all the way through the 4 worlds. I also like the fact that it is not as fast as other games of this genre, but it’s still a challenging game nonetheless - trust me, try the normal difficulty and you’ll understand what I mean. In terms of controls, it’s a game that you must play with a gamepad, in my opinion. It’s ok with a keyboard but it’s more fun with a gamepad.  There are a couple of things that the developer needs to address.  The first one is the vibrating gamepad; occasionally you get hit and your gamepad will keep vibrating for a while (a minute or so) which is a bit annoying, to be honest. The other thing I found is that the sound cuts off periodically for a few seconds. Apart from that, it’s pretty good!Positives:~~~~~~~ +Stunning visuals+Good upbeat soundtrack+4 worlds and 24 levels complete+Plenty of enemies (60 in total)+Good vessel upgrade+Achievements Negatives:~~~~~~~~ -No trading cards as yet-Couple of bugs here and thereWhat a great and well-structured shoot’em up game. It’s definitely a Fatal Stormer!8/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG![www.zeepond.com]FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERESUBSCRIBE TO THE CPT FROGGY YOUTUBE CHANNEL,Posted: April 12, 2018Product received for freeIf you like Side Scrolling, Gun ShootingS Games with Nice Boss Action and levels to Boot. Then this game will totally Provide bang for the buck as it is not over priced for the good graphics, great level design and nice level music. Not to mention the game will also let you improve as you move forward via ship purchases which is nice to see. All in All a GREAT Game for the avid Side scrolling enthusiast. Enjoy,Posted: August 23, 2018**Update to below review.**This is currently part of a bundle for $1.49 at the following site. It is essential at this price as it is WELL worth the bundles asking price alone.https://otakubundle.com/latest/bundles/otakubundle-32------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Loving this.I lost so many 10ps to games like this in the arcades of my youth and most were vastly inferior to this.Its a homage to 90's style horizontal shooter gaming (Stargunner, Gradius etc) but with some lovely new effects and a wonderful variety of enemies.Not played many horizontal shooters recently that I have enjoyed this much.Difficulty is high but fair (it is adjustable). The weapon varienty load outs are excellent and will provide replayability even after the fairly extensive game is played through.Xbox controller is perfect with nice tight controls including some meaty controller vibration feedbacks for larger explosions.Graphics are lovely and varied. Sound is excellent with varied soundtracks and perfectly suited explosions etc.Can't praise this enough, a really good horizontal shooter and a worthy purchase full price.,Posted: February 5Good shmup. Backgrounds move too slow and music is kinda assy, but still a good game nonetheless.,Posted: February 15Product received for freeThe game is hard after the 1st two levels, even on casual difficulty.Dying over and over again doensnt reward you with any credits, so you either get good, or start from scratch or something to able to beat the level, or at least get to a checkpoint. No one knows where these checkpoints are, and in the 1st level, if you die to the boss like i did, you start from the middle of the level(were the checkpoint was) instead of the boss fight.Its still better than starting from the beginning, i agree, but the main issue is that it get way to hard withouh earning credits to upgrade your weapons.The bosses on the 1st chapter are relatively easy.There are 4 chapters in total, with 6 levels each i believe.,Posted: April 7, 2018Old school sidescrolling shoot'emup with bosses on level end. Very nice graphic and sound.Thumb up.https://youtu.be/eViGKBKFVs4"
"196"	"853887"	"Ultimate Sudoku Collection - Cross Pack"	2018-05-18	2.99	"Free to Play,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentContains 250 puzzles of “Cross Sudoku”"	"I'M TIRED OF WEAK AND UNSKILLED GAMERS COMING AND PLAYING THIS GAME. THIS GAME IS FOR ONLY THE TOUGHEST GAMER GUYS AND GIRLS AND NO SCRUBS SHOULD EVEN BEGIN TO ATTEMPT IT. ULTIMATE SUDOKU COLLECTION REQUIRES A CERTAINT AMOUNT OF GAMING PROWESS THAT ANY CA...,wanted to give a try to this game but since Norton's detecting SONAR.Heur.RGC!g519 threat.It may be a false positive but since on my 129games list it's the first one to give me this kind of warning I'm gonna pass.,Can you please throttle the FPS to 60. Hundreds of FPS for what's mostly just a still image is wasting resources.Apart from that it's a fun game, thanks! It's great that there are quite a number of free puzzles as a kind of demo, and then plenty dlc to ..."
"197"	"231720"	"Bad Hotel"	2013-10-16	4.99	"Indie,Casual,Tower Defense,Strategy"	"Reviews“...to understand how excellent Bad Hotel is, you need to play it. And you need to hear it...I like Bad Hotel so much I'd buy it for you. Get it. It's wonderful.”Kotaku“Completely awesome...Lucky Frame, keep this kind of stuff coming.”Gamezebo“Bad Hotel is, in short, the stuff of wonderful nightmares: an eerie soundtrack, a menacing palette and an all-pervading sense of inescapable doom. Yet it's also one of the most original and atmospheric tower-defense games we've played all year...”Modojo,About This GameIGF FINALIST 2013BAFTA WINNER 2012TIGA AWARD FINALIST 20121. Build Hotel.2. Make Music.3. Stop Tadstock.An insane hybrid of a tower defense game and a procedural music toy with tons of bullets (and healthy number of Wu-Tang references and credit crunch satire).The hit game for iOS now available on Windows and Mac! You are a budding entrepreneur, whose hotel is rather unfortunately located within the territory of Tarnation Tadstock, the Texas Tyrant. Your only defense against Tadstock’s army of seagulls, rats, yetis, and more is to build your hotel as quickly and intelligently as possible, using an array of increasingly sophisticated weapons. The beautiful artwork, quirky storyline, and frantic gameplay all work seamlessly together with a generative music system, which creates original music depending on the player’s actions and decisions. The player becomes a composer, creating complex musical structures to defend their hotel. A vast variety of music can be generated, from delicate beach chillout to country banjo techno. Get the BAFTA-winning game that Kotaku said was \"wonderful\" and The Guardian called \"an unlikely work of minimalist art\"."	"Posted: December 25, 2013Bad Hotel is bizarre. Not the sort of bizarre that makes you marvel at the creator's creativity and originality, the bizarre that leaves you scratching your head as to what you are playing, why you are playing it, and how it came to exist in the first place. A tower defense game hidden underneath a music experiment, Bad Hotel is an apply named oddity which seems to want to do nothing but be different no matter how detrimental it is to the experience.Taking on the role as the owner of a new hotel, you are besieged by your greedy competitor whose sole goal is to destroy your building piece by piece, sending waves of rampaging animal suicide bombers (parallels could be drawn to terrorist attacks, but I highly doubt the developers were aiming for anything that heavy). To counteract the attack you must place rooms (which give you cash) and turrets (which destroy oncoming enemies), which connect to your hotel like a patchwork quilt and add a new sound bite to the \"soundtrack\". Despite sounding novel on paper this is where everything starts to unravel.Levels are terribly unbalanced, with certain ones requiring near perfection to complete and others offering no difficulty whatsoever. Completing a level successfully never felt like anything but luck to me, and by altering your arsenal each level the developers remove the free-form strategy of traditional TD games and all but force you to follow their plan for how you place each room. This subliminal linearity makes it aggravating to continually fail a level and unsatisfying when you eventually, a combination that sapped any motivation I might have had to continue playing.The music created by the various sounds of each tower is anything but melodic, more akin to a skipping CD or a telephone booth with various beeps and buzzes all combining into an awful mess of sounds and clashing time signatures. I would consider myself open minded when it comes to music but Bad Hotel did nothing but give me a terrible headache and reaching for the mute button. Visually it is just as disorganized and ugly even for previously being a mobile game, and the art and interface have had little if any work done to them for the PC version (a trend that seems to be happening more and more often).I absolutely love tower defense, music, and experimental games more so than I can say, but Bad Hotel did nothing to keep me interested and everything to drive me away, despite how much I should have liked it. There is a decent amount of content here for the price, but I doubt many will bother to see most of it as it isn't enjoyable to play. There is something to be said for trying to do something unique, but this is a perfect example of how badly that goal can backfire. I cannot recommend playing or purchasing Bad Hotel in anyway, and can only hope it doesn't take too long to wash the awful taste it left me with.You can read more of my writing on Kritiqal[kritiqal.com].,Posted: October 21, 2013You know how sometimes you play a game and you call it \"experimental\" and it's really cool because it stands out and there's nothing like it and you're glad someone is doing neat, innovative things? And then other times you hear the phrase \"experimental\" said, but you've got a different tone of voice and it's more of a \"I feel like my wallet and my time have just been vivisected\" fashion?Yeah this one's the latter. Your hotel has a core you defend at all costs, every \"world\" has its own sound patterns per block, and a beat rate the game matches with all the little rooms you build onto it. Some give you more cash, others fire at enemies, some are kamikaze or healing rooms, and every 5 levels there's a boss. That's it. Nothing else. It's modified tower defense but your towers are basically a music tracker. Not even a challenge mode or endless play for when you finish the rather-short campaign. (The closest you get to this is the later worlds all have a gimmick \"no weapon/kamikaze-only\" stage which, overall, is less fun than it sounds.)Also the music sounds really interesting in the trailer, right? Yeah, nothing you make in-game is going to sound so cool and trip-hoppy. It's instead going to sound like an auditory seizure. On the subject of music: do you like the Wu-Tang Clan? Get ready to groan at a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of references to their songs in the between-level text. Which... isn't even on every stage. The game couldn't come up with 25 single-sentence lines of dialogue, that's actually the perfect metaphor for how this feels more like a gimmick than a game.,Posted: April 7, 2014☺ Interesting approach to Tower Defence.☹ Hectic.☹ Noisy.☹ Short.Bad Hotel is a game I really thought I'd enjoy being a fan of tower defence and games that use music in clever ways...unfortunately, it fails to hit the right notes and I found it quite unpleasant to play.You're tasked with defending a primary hotel block by placing rooms around it that have their own unique uses such as generating cash, firing at enemies or healing damaged rooms. Using these its up to you to withstand an onslaught of enemies as they attack relentlessly, with very little breathing room between waves. A 'pulse' is sent out from your central structure that activates abilities and sounds associated with each room and while sometimes it produces some interesting results, the majority of the time I just found it annoyingly repetitive.There is quite a large difficulty curve that sets in early and coupled with the hectic pace makes the gameplay feel rather unwelcoming and unforgiving, it rarely feels like you're using tactics but more spamming what you think might be useful at the time.While there are a fair few levels, the core gameplay never changes even with the introduction of rooms with different effects and the level variations themselves amount to a little cosmetic change and sometimes some different enemy appearances. If you can get over the difficulty spike I expect the game to last around two hours of playing time with very little reason to revisit - sadly, you never really get to play around with the musical elements which I feel is a bit of a missed opportunity.I feel there is 'something' here that could be worked on, but Bad Hotel plays a few too many duff notes and is hard to recommend.,Posted: December 3, 2013OVERALL: 46%Gameplay & Controls: 2/5 ♥sGraphics & Visuals: 2/5 ♥sMusic & Audio: 3/5 ♥sIn writing this review, I'm assuming that most people who are drawn to Bad Hotel were wowed by the haunting music and surreal experience they saw pictured in the trailer, as I was. In short, I'm here to regretfully inform you that the truth behind the matter is that the only thing \"insane\" about this tower defense hybrid is its learning curve. It's almost safe to say that if Bad Hotel were an RPG, the creators of Dark Souls would be taking note.-Gameplay & Controls-Bad Hotel plays out in a rather straight-forward fashion: as the manager of a hotel in an unexplicably hospitable vacation destination, you must strategically construct rooms to keep your building intact for a specified period of time. Certain rooms garner certain abilities, with some giving your hotel an increased source of income while others come equipped with missiles or gravity-defying mines to blow away any miscreant who happens to attempt an assault on your futuristic space Marriott. Although the first several levels serve as a basic and relatively easy introduction to the room types, the player is subsequently dropped into a boss fight with rage-inducing difficulty, forced to watch their pastel pixelated polygons repeatedly destroyed over and over again without any indication as to how you are supposed to be constructing a \"sound\" hotel. (That pun was entirely unintentional, and I only recognized its genius upon rereading that sentence.) Assuming you decide to keep playing after this point, you'll find several more sets of levels during which one's annoyance with Bad Hotel will range from that of watching the Star Wars prequels to being forcefully confined to a small room where the only source of light comes from a television playing Kingdom of the Crystal Skull on loop for 24 hours. If that sounds like your cup of tea, then by all means, go ahead; it is still a playable and fully functional game, but I think I'd be lying if I said I enjoyed my time with Bad Hotel.-Graphics & Visuals-Graphically, the game isn't much to look at. As previously mentioned, the game is basically comprised of pastel shapes over a background with a slightly unnerving pallet, whereas the enemies in Bad Hotel largely seem to consist of pixelated gulls and some very aggressive clouds. It never quite gives off the effect that one originally perceived it would have from the trailers, instead going for a manner that not only neglects to fully please but fails to live up to the hype. However, what graphics there are do appear to compliment whatever misunderstood direction the game actually takes, so I suppose that counts for something.-Audio & Music-This is my biggest gripe about Bad Hotel. If there were ever a case of false advertising by companies porting questionable mobile tower defense games, then this would be the one. What I neglected to mention earlier in my review is that this game serves a dual purpose in that it is also a procedural music generator. What this means for the consumer, however, is that the haunting, chilling tones from the game's trailer which made it sound so deliciously appealing in the first place are nowhere to be found, instead replaced with a selection of noises that in Lucky Frame's perspective better suited their pixelated amalgamation. Still, I did find myself on occassion putting more effort into creating vividly pleasing sounds than attempting to clear a level, so some points have to be awarded for ingenuity. While the creation of musical undertones through the building process is actually rather rewarding in its own way, I can't help but feel that Lucky Frame regrettably missed the mark on this one, if simply because Bad Hotel gives away an entirely different experience than the one that had been promised.-Final Thoughts-Well, there you have it -- my two cents on Bad Hotel. While I admittedly have not spent a large portion of time on the game, I feel that the impression I received was strong enough to justify such opinions. If I happen to play the game for a longer stretch (although I'm not quite sure how anyone could spend a considerable amount of time on the game, as despite its difficulty it appears rather short) and decide that any part of my initial review is unjustified, I'll reexamine my editorial. Until such a time, however, I leave you with the final statement that I ultimately was more entertained watching the trailer for Bad Hotel than I was actually playing Bad Hotel. If that impacts your purchase, than so be it.,Posted: December 1, 2013Bad Hotel is pretty bad. It's a hectic game, with not enough breathing room between waves and a stupidly weird difficulty spike at the end of world 2. Plus, simplistic, childish graphics do not equal 'art'. It's a weird idea, and let me tell you that weird games can be some of the best games out there, but this one just doesn't work. I can see it working on an iPhone (like it originally did), but for us PC gamers there are so many other tower defense games out there that are just so much better in its execution.[Rating: 52/100],Posted: October 17, 2013This game is very unplesant to play. It might be more fun on a tablet, but on a PC, it's awkward and confusing. I do not recommend this game.It's bad enough that it's the first and only time I ever asked Steam for a refund. They politely declined. :-/,Posted: December 25, 2013Got this packaged in with a Humble Bundle. It's \"a game\" all right, but it's only half decent even by the standards of mobile games. It is very clear that this was a quick and easy port from the mobile version. I wouldn't mind it for wasting a minute or two on my phone while I'm waiting for someone to meet me, but there really isn't any reason to own this game on steam.,Posted: January 1, 2014Wish I could remove games from my library.  This would be the first to go.  Bad difficulty ramp up and not very polished.,Posted: August 20, 2014I found this game to be extremely hard and unforgiving. However that's what made it so much fun. It reminds me of the classic NES era of gaming where games were hard, and often could not be beat in a few hours, yet alone a few days.If you want a unique take on tower defense that is both fun and challenging you should buy this game.,Posted: December 25, 2013a tower defense with :- strange theme (defend the hotel from birds, clouds, etc using 'room' as towers or walls), - simple sound fx (tune) that can build some random strange 'music', - unattractive simple graphicif you can handle that, the gameplay quite challenging."
"198"	"977580"	"Captain's Tail"	NA	NA	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameCaptain’s Tail is a colorful, modern 3D platformer about the tale of Dash, the pirate corgi, on a search for treasure on the Seven Seas. Become the cutest pirate you’ve ever seen!Dash is still a young pup, adventurous and playful. Help him on his journey to become the fluffiest pirate captain of the seas! Even though he is a dog, his swimming skills aren’t the best, so he has to stick to traveling on land.Travel the Seven Seas!The Seven Seas are vast, and the pirates have taken over many islands. And they don’t offer easy access to travelers. So watch your paws carefully while traveling and look for maps to guide you on your way from island to island.Walk on two legs or run on all fours!The game combines platforming and exploration seamlessly together and focuses on the sheer joy of movement. Dash has learned a few tricks to keep himself moving, like wall-running and belly flopping to do a ground pound.Explore the islands for treasure!Treasure, enemies and challenges await. Hunting for treasure isn’t necessary, but all pirates know that with more loot comes more notoriety. The other pirates have hidden golden bones on each island, for those looking for platforming challenges.Controller recommended!We suggest playing with a controller to get the best experience. The Dualshock 4 seems to have some mapping issues, so we suggest using a 3rd party re-mapping program."	""
"199"	"938040"	"Stackems"	2018-11-27	4.99	"Early Access,Indie,Casual,Early Access"	"About This GameStackems is fast paced puzzle game where the goal is to fill an entire level with different shaped blocks as they slowly drop in different shapes. Play single player to try and beat your personal high score or play with up to three other players to prove who can stackem the best.Key Features:Easy to understand play, hard to master.Online four player simultaneous play.Co-op play: Help each other get the high score by giving other players an advantage with each level clear.Vs play: Go head to head with other players and thwart their attempts at beating your high score.Several different levels each with a unique look and feel."	""
"200"	"259590"	"Small World 2 - Cursed!"	2013-12-11	2.99	"Strategy,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentHappy Winter – Unbelievable prices until 01/04/2017 – Discover Small World 2 - Cursed! now at a reduced price.Put a curse on your Small World!This expansion features winning contest entries from Gustav Åkerfelt, Philip Harding, Jörg Krismann, Travis Lauro, Paolo Mori, Leif Steiestol and Daniel Zielinski.Contains 2 new Race banners and tokens (Kobolds & Goblins) 5 new Special Power badges (Cursed, Hordes of, Marauding, Ransacking & Were-)Hit a man while he's down - Goblins conquer In Decline regions at one less cost...Kobolds aren't necessarily cowards... They just like to work in teams. It takes 2 Kobolds to occupy a region after you've conquered it...Your people are now Cursed! Skip over this Special Power and you'll have to pay 3 coins, not the 1 that is usual...The only thing better than conquering is Ransacking. Take 1 coin away from an opponent for every territory you conquer...The Hordes are at the door. Add the 2 Hordes of tokens to increase the size of your active Race...The moon is full and the Were-people are howling. At night (even-numbered turns) the Were- power lets you conquer all regions with 2 less tokens than normal...It's time for Double-Jeopardy! After an initial attack, Marauding forces get a second chance each turn to conquer even more territory..."	"I was wondering if anyone would be interested in forming a weekly play group- there's hardly ever anyone on and it's becoming increasingly difficult to get a game going.What do you folks think?,Is there a way to make the game fullscreen? I don't see an option in the settings.,Hello @devs. As a digital game collector from Asmodee Digital, I’m confused that there is no Small World 1. Can you rename the game to Small World (Digital)?P.S. Google Translator. ,Dear Linux players,We pushed a new update of the game today that fixes the two major issues we had on Linux:   Some users would crash every time they chose a combo.  Some users would not see tokens on the map. It took us a loooooooo...,I just discovered this game. I know the Royal Bonus was a kickstarter bonus and a limited humble bundle deal,but is there any way to get this now? Assuming as with most kickstarter exclusives that there isnt, but I didnt know if there was like a secondary..."
"201"	"881830"	"《恋神神之舞台 - 中文简体版 / LoveKami -Divinity Stage- Simplified Chinese"	2018-06-18	NA	"Nudity,Adventure,Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPrecautions on using the Simplified Chinese Language Pack for  LoveKami -Divinity Stage- This is the Simplified Chinese Language pack for  LoveKami -Divinity Stage- , which must be applied to the original English version to convert it into the Simplified Chinese version of the game. Those who don't own the base English version will not be able to use this pack, so please buy the English version first.READ BEFORE DOWNLOADINGSave files between the base English version and Simplified Chinese version of the games are not inter-compatible.You will not be able to use save data from one version of the game with another. i.e. save data created on the base English version cannot be used on the Simplified Chinese version of the game or vice versa.You can boot into the Simplified Chinese version of the game by selecting the Simplified Chinese Language Pack upon boot. When you boot the Simplified Chinese version of the game it will default to Simplified Chinese. You can change between Simplified Chinese and English from Config > System.Conversely, you can boot into the base English version of the game by selecting the English Language Pack upon boot. The base English version of the game will not have options to switch languages (as it never included them). I installed the pack, but now my game won't boot?The Simplified Chinese version of the game requires a new version of Visual C++ Redistributables to be installed to function correctly. These are installed alongside the Simplified Chinese Language pack so you may be able to resolve the issue by uninstalling the Simplified Chinese Language Pack and base game, and then reinstalling them.Further information please check:https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=9828-SFLZ-9289&l=schinese,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Hi All! We are excited to announce that we are taking part in Steam's Golden Week Sales! This Golden Week, Japan will be entering the new era \"Reiwa\", to celebrate, we have a special wallpaper from If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary- New Wings: Akari! (Check your local files for the full wallpaper!)Check out the exciting sales below:MoeNovel BundleContains: If My Heart Had Wings, LoveKami -Divinity Stage-, LoveKami -Useless Goddess-, A Sky Full of Stars, CROSS†CHANNEL: Steam Edition, Adventure of A Lifetime, LoveKami -Healing Harem-https://store.steampowered.com/app/812560/CROSSCHANNEL_Steam_Edition/Coming-of-Age CollectionContains: If My Heart Had Wings, A Sky Full of Stars, Adventure of a Lifetimehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/326480/If_My_Heart_Had_Wings/https://store.steampowered.com/app/745960/A_Sky_Full_of_Stars/https://store.steampowered.com/app/820730/Adventure_of_a_Lifetime/The Morning Glory CollectionContains: If My Heart Had Wings, If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary-https://store.steampowered.com/app/923810Remember: If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary- New Wings: Akari is still on Sale!https://store.steampowered.com/app/1038710LoveKami SeriesContains: LoveKami -Divinity Stage-, LoveKami -Useless Goddess-, LoveKami -Healing Harem-https://store.steampowered.com/app/547340/LoveKami_Divinity_Stage/https://store.steampowered.com/app/626510/LoveKami_Useless_Goddesshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/938270/LoveKami_Healing_Harem/----Visit the Official Website: http://moenovel.com/Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MoenovelLike us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Moenovel/Subscribe to us on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/MoeNovel,After what you did to \"If my heart had wings\" I doubt it, but perhaps this time you do wants to satisfy your customers.,Hi All! We are very excited to announce that If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary- New Wings: Akari is out now! https://store.steampowered.com/app/1038710/If_My_Heart_Had_Wings_Flight_Diary__New_Wings_AkariTake flight again as Akari’s route joins If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary-, in a special DLC titled New Wings: Akari. An additional story for If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary-, featuring Akari and her bashful emotions towards Aoi. With her support, will the Soaring Club reach the skies once again?Meet Akari!Akari Kumoi is the Student Council president in If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary-, and is a very serious and hardworking girl.While she’s very strict toward people who don’t follow rules and procedures, she can be understanding and lenient as long as there is a proper reason. However, she is quite warm-hearted and sympathetic, she isn’t simply all business.She made many requests for improvements to the Soaring Club, but also stood up for the members against teachers’ unreasonable demands. Special WallpaperTo celebrate the release, and the change of era in Japan, a special wallpaper is available in your local files! https://store.steampowered.com/app/1038710/If_My_Heart_Had_Wings_Flight_Diary__New_Wings_AkariPlease note that since this is a DLC, you will need to own If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary- in order to purchase it. ----Visit the Official Website: http://moenovel.com/Join our Publisher Page: https://store.steampowered.com/developer/MoeNovelFollow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MoenovelLike us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Moenovel/Subscribe to us on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/MoeNovel,If anyone wants it, just add me.Personally never going to support MoeNovel again because of the BS they pulled with 'If my heart had wings'.Until they fix that game.,Hi All! We have our MoeNovel titles on sale now in Steam's Weekly Sale! As well as, having our games on sale, we also have two very exciting pieces of news! New Wings: AkariWe currently working on bringing Akari's route as DLC for If My Heart Had Wings -Flight Diary-! The route focuses on Akari, and her unique story and will be coming soon!LoveKami -Healing Harem-We are excited to announce that LoveKami -Healing Harem- is now also available in Simplified Chinese! The third installment in the LoveKami series descends upon Steam! LoveKami -Healing Harem- is a visual novel set in the same universe as LoveKami -Divinity Stage- and LoveKami -Useless Goddess-. With a different setting to the previous two chapters, Healing Harem introduces us to the Tatarigami, known as Goddesses who spread misfortune. Set in a community deep within the mountains, Akira spends most of his time listening to the Goddess' troubles and helped them find solutions. Check out the exciting sales below:MoeNovel BundleContains: If My Heart Had Wings, LoveKami -Divinity Stage-, LoveKami -Useless Goddess-, A Sky Full of Stars, CROSS†CHANNEL: Steam Edition, Adventure of A Lifetime, LoveKami -Healing Harem-https://store.steampowered.com/app/812560/CROSSCHANNEL_Steam_Edition/Coming-of-Age CollectionComing-of-Age Collection BundleContains: If My Heart Had Wings, A Sky Full of Stars, Adventure of a Lifetimehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/326480/If_My_Heart_Had_Wings/https://store.steampowered.com/app/745960/A_Sky_Full_of_Stars/https://store.steampowered.com/app/820730/Adventure_of_a_Lifetime/LoveKami SeriesLoveKami BundleContains: LoveKami -Divinity Stage-, LoveKami -Useless Goddess-, LoveKami -Healing Harem-https://store.steampowered.com/app/547340/LoveKami_Divinity_Stage/https://store.steampowered.com/app/626510/LoveKami_Useless_Goddesshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/938270/LoveKami_Healing_Harem/----Visit the Official Website: http://moenovel.com/Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MoenovelLike us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Moenovel/Subscribe to us on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/MoeNovel,tayutama2 is work well so, when lovekami have new patch?,is anyone else having an issue getting this game to run offline on steam? as soon as i turn my computer off and go somewhere without internet and start the game it crashes before the main menu, and given my current circumstances i cant even play it :/,LoveKami -Sweet Stars- 18+ version of this particular game has been announced for release in Japan...since there has been no mention of it here I figured I would bring it to everyone else's attention. Evidence to back it up: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/..."
"202"	"744910"	"Shipbreakers"	NA	NA	"Action,Indie"	"About This GameAhoy, buccaneers. Tear apart the seven seas in this fast paced arcade shooter and cover the abyss with the wrecks of your enemies. Hire vicious sea wolfs as your crew members and board other ships to unlock crazy weapons and become the fiercest pirate of this little planet.The Spherical ArenaFast naval combatsStylish low poly artChallenging missions"	""
"203"	"258648"	"Train Simulator: The Racetrack: Aurora - Chicago Route Add-On"	2015-08-13	39.99	"Simulation,Trains"	"About This ContentWidely known as the “Windy City”, Chicago has now been brought to life in Train Simulator, in the famed route The Racetrack Aurora - Chicago. The route begins under the skyscrapers of Chicago at Union Station, making its way through the urban landscape and out into the western suburbs, journeying along past yards, stopping at 24 commuter stations before arriving at Aurora.This route is a bustling conveyor of tonnage. The Racetrack is the eastern anchor to BNSF’s sprawling 32,500-mile route system. Approximately 50 daily BNSF intermodal, auto, manifest, crude oil, grain, and coal trains traverse the route. Additionally, The Racetrack is a vibrant people mover, home to Amtrak intercity trains (including the California Zephyr and Southwest Chief) and the Regional Transportation Authority’s ‘BNSF Line' Metra commuter operations. When all these movements are combined, it is common for the Racetrack to host upwards of 150 trains daily.The route has several rail yards. The Hill yard, adjacent to Aurora station, is used to hold commuter trains for eastbound runs and Eola yard, east of Aurora, is used for general freight operations. The BNSF intermodal yard in Cicero also has engine-service facilities and a freight-car shop. BNSF also has yard in the Western Avenue area, running parallel to the main line. On the approach to Union Station, is the 'Chicago' commuter coach yard on the west and Amtrak's coach yard and service facilities on the east.There are several interchange points along the racetrack with connections to Canadian National, Norfolk Southern, CSX and Union Pacific. The St. Charles Air Line, a small connector line, begins as a long ramp near the Canal Street Wye, then crosses over the coach yard on its way eastward where it connects (off route) to another CN line near Lake Michigan. NS has trackage rights over the Racetrack as does CSX and occasionally CP. Historically so have CN and UP.To complement the bustling main line, the route also includes the BNSF’s West Chicago Branch, a scenic and historic branch line that traces the east bank of the Fox River north from Aurora approximately 13 miles to West Chicago and is dotted with industry switching opportunities, which was originally built in 1849.Accompanying the route is a host of locomotives and rolling stock, including a Chicago commuter F40PH with fully operable cab signaling, authentic bi-level “gallery” commuter coaches, and an authentic bi-level cab coach for push-pull operations (Amtrak P42DC and Superliner stock is also included for AI-use). Included are eight career scenarios that are authentic to operations on the line, including commuter and freight operations on the Racetrack main line along with a local run on the West Chicago Branch. The route is Quick-Drive enabled."	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"204"	"929080"	"Be hate Free: Interactive"	2019-01-17	19.99	"Early Access,Casual,Early Access,Indie,Adventure,Simulation,Strategy,Education,Family Friendly,RPG,Abstract,Great Soundtrack,Team-Based,Retro"	"About This GameAbout Be hate Free:To “be hate free” is a moral and ethical human obligation that has no political, cultural or religious bounds. It represents what is fair and just for all people, an idea that we should all agree to aspire towards. – behatefree.orgREAD: The Declaration to Be hate FreeBe hate Free INTERACTIVE is a program that features videos, lessons, training courses and activities to help you overcome negative influences while learning how to become more positive, productive, better at communicating and deescalating unpleasant situations. Become more productive, attract more positivity and opportunities into your life. Attract more friends, strengthen your relationships and open your life to so many more possibilities.Our program will take you through fundamental and advanced training. We also have interactive exercises where you can apply what you’ve learned in real life. You can complete lessons and activities at your own pace and can revisit them as often as you like. Completing this program can potentially improve your entire way of life. Improve your communication skills and de-escalation skills while overcome the influences of negativity in your life. Our videos (downloads) can be used as training tools for diversity awareness. Use for students employees or organizations. Level up your progress as you complete the lessons and update your ranking position on our hero/leaderboard. Become more positive, productive and effective even in the midst of negative challenges. Create your own profile page or professional page and connect with other members. Get access to our original games like \"Hate Free Heroes RPG\" Get access to media/video downloads, music soundtracks and other extra content. Mobile Access: Can be accessed through your web browser or any mobile device.Things to be implemented over time:More courses and advanced lessonsActivities which will involve real life applicationMobile version access so you can use the program from your mobile device"	"Posted: January 26Early Access ReviewIt's important that people know this is not a game. It's a presentation of some videos with some very general ideas about interaction that are not very informative. The videos are of reasonable quality, and I am quite sure they were not produced by this developer. I trust that they do have rights to use them, though I have not investigated this. A little later you are presented with very slowly revealed text in much too large a font, with the pieces being so small that you have to click many times to read a whole paragraph. I would prefer to just read the text. At this stage, the accompanying pictures were of no significance. Then, you are asked a number of questions which I found to be rather aimless and even this part does not constitute any kind of game or quiz. There is nothing to enjoy here. I believe it ought to be made clearer that you are not buying any kind of a game when you purchase this application.It has long been said that the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Here we have a similar situation but the road is a rollercoaster on a very steep and fast dive.The first comment I must make about this product is that it seems to endorse or support some very dangerous groups who do not have good intentions towards their fellow man. That is not acceptable under any circumstances in my view, and it can often have dangerous results. It may be that the developer is not aware of the nature of these groups, or they have themselves been influenced by propaganda.  I expect the developer does genuinely want to help people, but I think they need to spend a lot more time exploring human nature and emotions before they are well equipped to do so. I have already presented my review of the application, and now think it is reasonable to present my view of the philosophy it seems to espouse, as that is the purpose of the product as opposed to providing a game to play. The ideas presented are deeply flawed and are not the result of anybody sufficiently experienced or knowledgeable to understand the things they are attempting to teach others about. There is a very sinister, manipulative presence in modern culture that attempts to demonise certain things and then rally people to join them in hating it, as this often allows desperate or vulnerable people to be manipulated to suit the purposes of others. It is very much cult-like behaviour, and I worry about it. The very strange fetishisation of \"hate\" throughout this product hints at dangerous and misguided obsession. A Steam review is really no the place for philosophy, so I will make the briefest attempt I can at illustrating how ridiculous and misguided it is to wage this \"war on hatred\". I hate a child in pain. I hate my relatives suffering. I hate it when somebody is discriminated against because of innate traits which they have no control over. I hate it when a natural disaster kills hundreds of innocent people.  I hate it when women are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or otherwise abused. I hate it when families suffer hardships and are not able to survive. I hate it when people die, sometimes on a massive scale, in warfare. I hate the abuse of animals. I hate bigotry and I hate misunderstanding which leads to bigotry. I will continue to hate all of these things, and I would suggest that if a person doesn't hate them, there may be something wrong with them and they ought to not be allowed to enter into positions of responsibility. It's rudimentary to understand that human emotions are related to one another. It is dangerously simplistic to think that you can eliminate one of them.  Without hatred, love cannot be. Being free of hatred is a very dangerous concept. I hate it when I hear a child cry. This makes me want to find out why the child is crying so I may do something about whatever ails them. I hate it when a relative of mine is sick or in pain, so I do all within my power to keep them healthy and happy. I hate it when innocent people are hurt or are the victims of injustice, so I do all I can to prevent such things. I wish the best to the developer of this product, but I implore them, learn more; learn a lot more before you risk influencing and possibly damaging vulnerable people who are looking for help. The final thing I will say is that the exclusive and horribly intolerant approach the developer has towards communication on the application's forums seems steeped in the most intense bigotry. Exchange of information and ideas is beneficial. Bigotry holds us all back. If you do not accept their prescribed view, then you are not allowed to partake. That road leads to fascism.,Posted: January 22Early Access ReviewThe narrator speaks with total authority but doesn't do enough to explain the why's. I believe the content is \"good\" but it feels a little too preachy and culty for my tastes.This Isn't really a game. It's a self-help program (cult) cleverly disguised as a game."
"205"	"956946"	"Fa Zheng - Officer Ticket / 法正使用券"	2018-11-01	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentA ticket that can be used with the \"DYNASTY WARRIORS 9 Trial\".This ticket allows you to use the corresponding officer within the game.▼How to useAfter purchasing the ticket, its effects will be applied within the game."	"Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added informal clothes that can be used in battle.Made improvements to castle sieges.Added a new ordeal \"Castle Siege\".Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Hi, did I understand correctly, there are no weddings in the game and similar elements like in the 8th Empire? ,According to the latest update, this was made possible. However it doesn't work for me.Has anyone figured out how to do it?,Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added \"Companion Animals\", and \"Guardian\".Added a bodyguard system.Added new modes \"Rampage\" to the arena.Added animals to the gallery.Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Posted: April 27It is good that Koei now sell this game partly (officer by officer), as most of us would not finish all the officers' stories. So for the gamers who were driven off by the bad reviews of this game, you may reconsider and give this game a shot.,Posted: April 29Not exactly sure how you expect people to play this game. Why is there no setup or game to play ? \"Push any Button\" Is what I am told and the only option that there is to chose is 'Exit Game'. 0.2 / 10 - You get the .2 because of the intro. There is no game to play here. Go play Black Desert Online Until these Developers get there act together. ,Newest changes are always at the top of this post.Update information 01.25 (04/24/2019)APR 23 @ 11:11PM-Catapults adjusted to deal big damage on siege weapons & camps-Gate durability gauges to be shown on UI-Ally soldiers help attacking gates if th...,- Corrected a number of minor issues.,PigeonTigerBlue TigerWhite TigerBearBlack BearWolfBlack WolfDeerFlame TigerWhite wolf and bearGolden tigerGrey bear Silver wolfPig, cat, dog, pandaThe elite wolf boss too.,  Official Website (JP)   EN website  Costumes (Feb-Apr) •[url=https://twitter.com/s_sangokum...,Posted: April 27Koei remade dynasty warriors from the ground up, and it's freaking awesome. at the moment my only complaint is the very obvious downgrade in voice actor quality for the english edition, but that's easily forgivable compared to the absolute scale of the game they offer you. I'm 8 hours in and mostly ignoring side content and I've only reached chapter 3."
"206"	"689590"	"Fantasy Grounds - B09: Curse of the Full Moon (5E)"	2017-08-02	6.99	"RPG,Indie,Strategy,Turn-Based,Software,Fantasy,Online Co-Op,Party-Based RPG,Adventure,Werewolves"	"About This ContentB09: Curse of the Full MoonA 5th Edition compatible adventure for four to six PCs Levels 4-5“Have you ever been jostled awake by the shrill howl of a terrible beast? Felt the hairs on the back of your neck rise up, and goosebumps wash over your body like death’s cold caress? I have. For the past two weeks, every single night, a big wolf-like beast, covered in thick fur has invaded our normally quaint village, disturbing the peace. Right about the time this thing started appearing folks began reporting odd events in town. The dead are rising from their graves to torment the living. Many townsfolk have begun to pack to leave town. We just can’t live here anymore, it’s unholy and unsafe.”“If you feel like helping out, the folk here in Rooknest sure would appreciate it. You can see the mayor ‘bought the job and the pay. Good luck, you’ll need it.”A terrifying taste of what you’ll get in “Curse of the Full Moon”:A new dark and forgotten deity, including full descriptions of her cult and rituals.The Hellween and the Avatar of Alkumuoto, two terrible creatures to face on Hallow’s Eve.Three beautifully terrifying new maps by 3x ENnie winning cartographer Todd Gamble.A terrifying Halloween adventure filled with undead to haunt your players. Play it with candles.Released on July 30, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.2.2 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included 5E Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"207"	"497660"	"Stellaris: Infinite Frontiers (eBook)"	2016-07-12	6.99	"Strategy,Simulation"	"About This Content\"Hayden Quinn’s entire life has been about listening. He is the first to hear the signal, a distress call from the stars that answers the ultimate question once and for all: we are not alone.The Commonwealth of Man is divided by his discovery. Some see it as salvation for their dying world, others insist that answering the call will expose them to advanced alien species and a future of slavery in their thrall. Some are willing to go to extreme lengths to make sure that doesn’t happen.The first mission is a catastrophic failure, huge ark ships burning in the skies over Unity Prime. The brightest and best—scientists, warriors, historians—are all lost in the fires. The mission is set back years, and the grim truth is that any new crew Unity can muster will always be second best.But they can’t give up. The signal is still strong. Carson Devolo, captain of the colony ship Terella, has a simple mission objective: find the Source. But can he trust his crew? And what discoveries await if they reach their final destination?\"Infinite Frontiers is a novel based on the Stellaris computer game by Paradox Interactive, written by bestselling author Steven Savile.Instructions for the ebook are as follows:==========================To access your ebook, navigate to the ebook folder in your Stellaris game folder.* Right click Stellaris in your Steam Library* Select Properties* Go to the Local Files tab* Click Browse Local Files* Open the ebook folder==========================Upon purchase, this book will be downloaded to the Steam folder on your computer in three formats: epub, mobi and PDF. To read the book on your mobile device, transfer the epub or mobi file to the device and open the file in your ebook reader app. Enjoy!"	"Hello everyone!As promised last week, we’re back to talk about something old that’s new – which, as many of you correctly guessed, is about new precursors. Adding new precursors has been something we’ve been wanting to do for quite a while now, and we’re very happy that we can now finally provide what’s been asked for.In the next DLC you will be able to explore the fate of two new precursors, namely the Baol and the Zroni. To not spoil too much, I’ll only give a basic description of their respective backgrounds and lore.The BaolThe Baol Organism was once a sprawling interstellar Hive Mind comprised of trillions of psychically-linked plantoids. With their ability to slowly terraform a planet's ecosystem and atmospheric gases via centuries of sustained photosynthetic processes, the Baol civilization produced a plethora of rich flora and fauna on otherwise unremarkable worlds. The Baol Organism curated lush planetary gardens and arboretums across many systems, forming mutualistic symbiotic relationships with local alien wildlife.The ZroniThe Zroni were possibly the most powerful psionics to have ever existed, or at least they were the first to discover the dimension which has come to be known as The Shroud. Once the Zroni population reached a certain critical mass it seems that their collective unconscious minds began to make contact with the proto-shroud in dreams, leading to mass lucid dreaming. Soon the phenomenon was studied and the Zroni discovered how to psionically project themselves into the Shroud, where they found that they could manipulate the very fabric of reality with their psionic powers. It wasn't long before the Zroni discovered they could physically enter the Shroud and live like Gods, transforming the dimension to suit their whims.Precursor changesOne of the more impactful changes we’ve made is that we have now made the precursor spawns randomized so that they will no longer spawn in a specific part of the galaxy.We have also added some more features and rewards to the old precursors. For example, after having found the Irassian home system, you can now spend minor artifacts to unravel some of the secrets of the Irassians. The new artifact actions aren’t the only new things though, and there’s some more cool things that you will be able to find.Additional precursor plansSome of you have been asking about archaeology and adapting some of the old precursor content to use the new system. In regards to that question I will say that it is something that I always planned to do, but due to other things taking priority we can’t promise that it will happen immediately. If those changes don’t make it into the next update, it's very likely they will appear in the next big update after that. Changing that content would of course still be a part of the base game.---To get involved in the discussions on this Dev Diary with our dev team directly, head over the official Stellaris forum thread here[forum.paradoxplaza.com].That is all we had to share for this week’s dev diary. Next week we’ll be back again, which also happens to be the 3 year anniversary for Stellaris :),I knew I was bad at this game, but I think I may have topped myself.It took me at least two decades to finally finish the special project to turn my Fanatical Purifier squidboys into beautiful squid robots, and will probably take another decade to roll ...,800 stars year 2500+ 7-15 fpsFastest speed is slower then SlowMy task manager is around 50%  for RAM, and CPUAny help, or tricks? ,Hello everyone!Today we’re back with yet another dev diary, which will build upon some of the things we revealed last week. Last week we outlined some information about Minor Relics, and how they can be useful. We didn’t mention specifically how they are usually found, but luckily that is something you’ll learn today!ArchaeologyIn the next DLC you will be able to experience some new content related to uncovering and excavating archaeological sites. Sites can be discovered in multiple ways, be it either on survey, generated at game start, or perhaps generated by an event.Sites that lie inside your borders can be excavated by a Scientist, and will consist of several different chapters. A site can have 1-6 chapters, in addition to an introduction/prologue. Each chapter will have its own narrative and a reward, and has to be unlocked before it becomes visible.Excavation in progress. Spoiler-blurred text.A chapter will be unlocked whenever the Scientist excavating the site gets a successful result at the end of an Excavation Phase – mechanically this works very similar to how sieges work in EU4. As the Scientist goes through phases, it will roll a dice and add modifiers to the result. The final result will then either do nothing, add clues, or make a breakthrough to the next chapter.Game mechanics details:Result  = dice roll + Archaeology Skill + Clues - DifficultyResult Outcomes:0-7: Status quo8-10: +1 clue11-13: +2 clues14+: BreakthroughChapter completed. Spoiler-blurred text.A neat feature of this new system is that you can click previous chapters to go back and read what happened.At the end of each Excavation Phase, it is also possible that the Scientist triggers a random event, which will inject some unpredictability and create opportunities for emergent storytelling.Everything is fine.Archaeology chapters commonly reward the player with minor artifacts – but it can also be resources, research points or other more unique rewards.Design intentionsArchaeology becomes a way for us to express narrative in a more evolving and controlled manner, and every site it also tied to a location on the map. All of these things together should make it more enjoyable to experience the content, since we hope it becomes easier to build a mental model of what is happening where. In general I believe that having narrative tied to things you can see on the map makes for a better experience. It’s not uncommon for me to forget where on the map a previous event occurred, and that is something I’d like to improve over time. I really like archaeology because it lands well between mechanics and narrative.------------We hope you could dig today’s dev diary, and next week we’ll be back with something old that is new.,PDXCON2019 is coming and we couldn’t be more excited to meet our community at the event - which takes place on October 18th - 20th, 2019. Tickets go on sale on May 7th, but we’ve got a secret to tell you…If you head over to the PDXCON 2019 website at https://pdxcon.paradoxplaza.com/ you can sign up to the mailing list. Anyone that signs up will be given 8 HOURS early access before the public availability of the tickets to buy before everyone else! Sign up now and keep your eyes on the news we’ll be sending out because tickets will sell out.,As title.Swear this is new: 50k citadels now get captured by roving 120k fleets instead of destroyed. So, that's just peachy. Checked their roster, nope, no armies or invasion forces just 100% combat vessels.The AI can nab your stations and get free 1...,hi guys how do u breed with other aliens cuz i wanna make some half alien half human people,Posted: May 2I don't write many reviews, but I feel like this one must be done.I LOVE Stellaris. I love Paradox. Stellaris has felt grand from day one and every DLC has added new cool things.That is untill 2.0 hit. This ruined the whole game for me. Basic mechanics have changed quite a lot and for the worse. There's a ton of micromanagement now.I really enjoyed the sector system before. Ok sure, maybe the AI wasn't very good at developing the sector planets but the system allowed you to stop micromanaging when you got too many planets to handle.Now, the sector system is completely ruined. I can't group systems as I please and have a specific focus on them. Even if I spent time, to setup sector focus and put in a governor who is aligned with that focus, if I lose one system in that sector, temporarily due to war, the sector is split and cannot be merged again.I really hate everything that came with 2.0 :(Can no longer recommend. It hurts.,Posted: April 28I cant find a way to like it anymore since the Planet overhaul which promised good change but did only the opposite.while gamebraking exploits are still in the game after month of comming back.the developers plan right now to create a dlc that makes it beyond boring.game went from an adventure space rts to a pop speed farming camping simulator with worse control and multiplied the management needed like 10 times while the helpful AI which can help you managing, is destroyed. they said they want to reduce the management for more interesting gameplay. its so boring, the events are so cheap, the spacebattle who could have safed it are so uninteresting that it is in fact just like browser clicker.im going back to 2.1. that was a super good time. i had so much fun in the past. it offered endless fun.today it feels like everything of it is wrong. i am getting bored out of my mind, no matter the playstyle.,I have a game that is in a mid game state, and just unlocked mega construction. Then I decided to add megacorp dlc into my game. However, the new stuff didn't show up. Is what I'm trying to do impossible? Or can I edit the save somehow to unlock it? Thank...,Posted: May 1Newer versions of Stellaris have sucked the enjoyment out of the game. I have several complaints with newer versions. They have removed the multiple forms of travel in favour of hyperlanes that can be guarded. I've read dev posts on the subject and have to say that I really don't agree with the logic. I quite liked that having different forms of stardrives changed the tactics. Yes I did go around destroying wormhole stations to prevent my enemies from retaliating.This game is now pretty much an exercise in waiting. Everything you do is constrained by Influence. This was the case in some ways previously, but I just can't fathom why I need influence to capture a planet. Influence in general is just a bad mechanic.Needing to build an outpost on every star system in order to claim it is just annoying. I've blocked all the access points, those star systems couldn't possibly be mine. When attacking a star base it doesn't just get destroyed it somehow become occupied, If you lose the planet in the system somehow the starbase vanishes as well.Hell I can't even build an outpost until it's been surveyed by a science ship. Which makes for pairs of science ships and construction ships slowly working their way outwards.Last but not least the move to districts. I appreciate that the tile system wasn't very flexible and didn't support the need to charge for DLC and add I guess corporations and trade, but the new system is less visual and very unclear as to how it's all hanging together and influencing revenue.All in all. Don't buy this game. It's very clearly been gutted to allow for DLC that will make $$$ for Paradox. What was once an amazing experience is unplayable now."
"208"	"200620"	"Renegade Ops - Reinforcement Pack"	2011-12-19	2.99	"Action"	"About This ContentGeneral Bryant has found two new recruits to help in the fight against Inferno; Blazemo and Crystal.Drive Blazemo's buggy with flaming pipes and use his special ability, Incinerator, to turn into a huge fireball that engulfs everything in its path and cause ultimate destruction! Alternatively you can drive as Crystal and use her Force Field special ability to repel enemy fire and create a safe haven for you and your allies to shoot from."	"We want it!sign here :),does someone still play this bloody game?,I'd like to dedicate this thread to the people who are seeking someone to play with. Due to the low player count around the clock, none which are playing MP, I figured it appropriate to team up instead of searching at random.Hit me up if you're interest...,Hello mates,This game: \"Renegade Ops\" stuck with 800x600 resulotion screen without a way to change it inside the game menu options.how to change resulotion to be bigger by 'set launch options' in 'Properties' ?Thanks if someone know and can help ple...,After a lot of hype I bought this game yesterday, but wow, it is a letdown.Everyone said that the controls are great...yeah sure...or maybe one of the worst in racing/car games with controller. I always stuck somewhere because you cannot move backwards w...,Posted: April 28Good game.9/10"
"209"	"507820"	"Robotpencil Presents: How to Approach Shape Painting"	2016-10-26	4.99	"Design & Illustration,Tutorial"	"Steam VideoThis content is only available in an online streaming format. More information about streaming videos can be found in the Streaming Videos on Steam FAQ.,About This SeriesThese series will go through the advantages of shape driven painting and designing. As well as how to improve your shape based painting."	""
"210"	"481090"	"This War of Mine - The Little Ones DLC"	2016-06-01	4.99	"Indie,Simulation,Adventure,Survival"	"About This ContentThis War of Mine: The Little Ones DLC 10% from each purchase goes to War Child, a charity helping children in conflict-affected areas  www.warchild.org.ukThis War of Mine: The Little Ones explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspective―that of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands.A word from the developers: \"From our perspective, adding children to the experience was the most important move to complete the big picture. But it required utmost respect for victims of war, so understandably, we wanted to present the topic without any gratuitous gore. In fact, our goal was to show how little ones perceive the reality of an armed conflict. And again, if you decide to purchase the DLC, you're contributing one dollar to War Child. Thank you!\"This War of Mine: The Little Ones:- Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine- Protect innocent children- Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need- Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with children- Support the War Child charity simply by purchasing the DLC"	"We are proud to report that our hit game, This War of Mine has recently hit the major milestone of 4.5 million units sold over its lifetime. The indie hit about the harrowing life of civilians in a besieged city during times of war has performed successfully on all platforms (PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, iOS, and Android), and can be attributed as the big boost that helped put 11 bit studios to the forefront of indie publishers on the scene.Starting with a single unit sold on Christmas Island, the game's community is widely global with players from coast to coast on every continent! Named by the New York Times as a game that “lets you safely explore wretched realities of the human condition”, and described as “a nightmare you shouldn't miss”, This War of Mine was also picked as one of the games of the year by The Guardian, Die Welt, El Mundo and many other mainstream media when it was released in 2014.The game’s successes don’t stop there with This War of Mine winning awards at the Independent Games Festival, the SXSW Cultural Innovation Award, Games For Change and over 100 other awards. Dedicated to paying it forward, we have also donated $500,000 to the charity War Child through sales of the This War of Mine DLC.Not content to sit back on our heels, we are now offering a new standalone story-driven expansion, This War of Mine: Stories - Father's Promise on both iOS and Android for only $1.99. Grab it here[play.google.com] or here[itunes.apple.com]!Thank you for being with us on this amazing journey!,So I bought this game in like 2015 and really liked except for one thing.  I kept getting attacked and had to defend myself.  Then my character would get all depressed and not be worth a damn.  Has this gotten better?  By that I mean can you control how b...,Posted: April 30Player Bases.☐ Kids.☑ Everyone.☐ Mature.☐ Casual Players.☐ Pro players.Graphics.☐ Potato.☐ Really Bad.☐ Bad.☐ OK.☐ Good.☑ Beautiful.☐ Masterpiece.Price.☑ Full Price.☐ Wait For Sale.☐ Refund It If You Can.☐ Don't Buy It.☐ Free.Requirements.☑ Minimum.☐ Medium.☐ Fast.☐ High End.☐ Super Computer.Difficulty.☐ Easy.☑ Medium.☐ Hard.☐ Very Hard.☐ Death March.☐ Dark Souls.Game length.☐ Really Short. ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short. ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Medium. ( 8 - 16 hours)☐ Long. ( 16+ hours)☑ Endless.Story.☐ It Doesn't Have One.☐ Horrible.☐ Ok.☑ Average.☐ Good.☐ Fantastic.Cinematic/Art.☑ It Doesn't Have.☐ Horrible.☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☐ Like Watching A Movie.Music/Sound.☐ Horrible.☐ Decent.☐ Average.☑ Good.☐ Amazing.Gameplay.☐ Terrible. ☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☑ Fantastic.Bugs.☐ Game Itself Is One Big BUG.☐ Game Breaking Bugs.☐ Lots of bugs.☐ Few Bugs.☑ Nothing.Others.Multiplayer: ☐Singleplayer: ☑Final Score:8/10,Posted: May 1Time-consuming undeveloped garbage.Poor storyline.Frustrating mechanics.Clumsy combat control.No content. Just some basic things all over again and again.Devs intentionally gave characters no inventory space to make scavaging less-rewarding.Characters are dumb and always depressed, sick, tired, hungry.Instantly die from everything that happens around.No saves.Once you failed you have to start all over again.No reason to play it at all.,Posted: April 30bre köprücük kemiğini siktiklerim bu nasıl oyun. Hırsızlık yapıyon depresyona giriyor adam öldürüyon depresyona giriyor amını ızdırabını sikeyim adamlar her akşam seni soyunca hiç moral bozmak yok ne bu şakamı gerçi bizde alıştık soyulmaya ama şartlar farklı amınakoyim.,We are pleased to announce that This War of Mine: Stories - Father’s Promise is now available on both iOS and Android as a premium stand-alone game.One of the most successful indie titles of the last decade, the original This War of Mine framed the experience of war from an entirely new angle - the punishing struggle of civilians. This War of Mine: Stories - Father’s Promise is a stand-alone story-driven tale set in the universe of the original game. It tells a story of family's struggle to preserve the last pieces of humanity in times of despair and cruelty. Become Adam - a father trying to save his daughter from the horrors of war and escape the besieged city. Follow their steps and discover a story of love, hate, and sacrifice - the emotions we all share in the darkest of days.https://youtu.be/tQ5BKWZEEogFather's Promise introduces: A harrowing storyline based on an audio-drama by famous Polish author, Łukasz Orbitowski An emotionally difficult experience - decisions that are often morally ambiguous Crafting, cooking, taking care of people - anything that helps to survive Locations exclusively made for this stand-alone expansion Remastered and enhanced visuals from the original This War of MineAvailable on the iOS app store[itunes.apple.com] and Google Play[play.google.com] for Android-powered devices for $1.99/€1.99. ,Hey there, Gamers!I am Rufus and I am the community manager at 11 bit studios so I will be responsible for informing you about all the news and cool stuff happening with the game. I will be also collecting your feedback and passing it to our Tech Team i...,Hello there, everyone!  We're proud to announce that our brand new DLC, The Last Broadcast, is out!  The Last Broadcast tells the story of Malik, a radio broadcaster carrying on his sworn mission to keep the people living in the war-torn c...,,Hello. Why does the game stop working when I play?It often happens to me.,Hi there, everyone!It is about time that we update you with current progress on the next story in This War of Mine: Stories DLC.The first and most important thing is: everything is going amazingly well! We are very happy with the storyline, locations and characters so far. And while we're keeping the topic of the third episode still hidden (there will be more updates later this year), we also felt that we have to share some work-in-progress stuff and give you a glimpse of how the development process looks like. Let's begin.Meet Jacek. In real life, Jacek is the art producer for Frostpunk, our another game that you probably know (and if not - here a link). As you may have heard, all soldiers and civilians in This War of Mine have their physical appearance based on ourselves, our friends, family members and colleagues. We've been doing it on purpose, to make characters as believable and lifelike as possible. Not some anonymous 3d models, bought from an asset store, or shiny Hollywood-like models, but real people. Bald, skinny, chubby - just like ourselves. And one of the characters in the upcoming story is going to \"inherit\" his appearance from Jacek. Please note we're not saying if he's going to be a playable civilian, or a non-playable side-character. You'll get to know it later.On the photo above, you can see Olaf, working hard. He's our 3d artist - and at the moment he is creating a digital sculpture of Jacek. Later, this model will be implemented in the game itself, using our Liquid Engine (it is the same engine that Frostpunk uses, btw!). Remember that a model with so many details may not be visible for you in-game - however, for us: the more detailed the source, the better and easier it is to create a moody, great-looking experience in This War of Mine universe. Naturally, more characters are being created... and just to tease you - yes, new locations are in the works, too! Some of them already look stunning and we hope to share some visuals with you pretty soon. In the meantime, stay tuned for more updates about the third episode of This War of Mine: Stories!https://store.steampowered.com/app/282070/This_War_of_Mine/"
"211"	"436585"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Imagine Dragons - “Radioactive"	2016-03-22	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Radioactive\" by Imagine Dragons on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"212"	"7840"	"Death Track®: Resurrection"	2009-05-06	2.99	"Racing,Action,Shooter"	"About This GameDo you have what it takes to Survive?                     Death Track: Resurrection is a racing/action title that takes players into a post-apocalyptic, not-too-distant future where traditional sports have been replaced by far more violent entertainment. The main event, The Survival Race, is a deadly combat racing tournament that draws the world's best drivers to compete in spectacular road battles with powerful, weapons-laden hot rods. Gamers will drive, battle and try to survive in races that take place in twisted future versions of the planet's biggest cities.                    Features:Combat racing across post apocalyptic versions of 10 major cities: Bangkok, Vatican City, London, Moscow, New York, Paris, Prague, San Diego, Istanbul and Tokyo.Destructible environments add to the chaotic destruction surrounding each race.10 powerful car models, customizable with multiple weapons, upgrades and paint jobs.Thrilling suspense story drives the single-player narrative."	"Posted: January 14, 2014Noooooooooo what a dissapointment not what I remember from playing dos deathtrack in 90s,Posted: February 5, 2015I must have gotten this game in a bundle at some point in the past because I do not know where it came from.  That thought alone makes me feel better about owning it.  This game is crap.  No, it's CRAAAAAAAAAP.  It started showing that trait as soon as it started.  It seemed to be obsessed with the \"B\" button on my XBOX controller.  It is used to confirm an action rather than cancel it.  Okay.  Anyway, the game itself is just ugly.  BROWN and ugly.  You are racing.  I guess.  And shooting at the other drivers.  I guess.  Navigating the brown roads that are silhouetted by brown buildings and brown sky is a bit tricky and since you are given no hints as to what the controls are, you will have to look them up.  Awesome.  An announcer seems to be shouting out nonsensical remarks about whatever it is you are doing.  \"Yeah!\"  \"Way to go!\"  \"Snatch!\"  WTH?  I was seriously about to quit when the race finished.  I did it so you won't have to.  Steer clear of this.  Get it?  Steer?  Oh well...,Posted: January 5, 2016Fun if it wasn't so Frustrating*CONS1st track is too long(the first race shouldn't take 12 minutes to complete)rear camera wouldn't work for me**all tracks except ONE are locked until you complete the 1st tournament raceIF you pass an opponent, then they can shoot you up all day and there's not much you can do about it (except for brake, die, use your nitro, or lay mines & the last 2 only save you in limited situations)difficulty isn't balanced(there is a difference between hard AI and lazy programming. I can  barely tell a difference betwen Normal and Easy. The highest I can get ON THE FIRST RACE easy is 8th place out of 10; it's like they didn't playtest the game at all)enemies have unlimited respawn(so even if you destroy them, they just come back. WHY!?)your starting Ammo capacity is too low IMO***(5 mines, 8 missles, and 80 machine gun)PROSexplosionsfunny voice overs -other drivers' faces pop up on the HUD (CarmaGeddon style) when you do certain things & sometimes they make you laugh (in a 'WTF?' kind of way)aim with your mouse & shoot -I found the 'skill-shot' aiming to be more fun & engaging than a fixed target in the middle of the screen (using keyboard & mouse, that is)I'll just leave it at that. Hopefully you'll find this one of the more informational 'reviews' of this game. TL;DR= The truth is: the game has/had a lot of potential, but unfortunately the game seems to fight you every step of the way, keeping you from having fun for too long. In fact it's making me quit before I even beat the first level. For $0.99 it MAY be worth it to you if you really like (unfairly) challenging racers, but IMO it's not worth your time. :D-------------------* NOTE: this entire review is based off my experience playing the game in 'modern mode.' There is also a 'classic mode' which features 1 life per vehicle (instead of infinite) and has 2 laps (instead of 3). But believe me, classic mode isn't much better. you die just as fast -if not faster- as the AI cars.**If someone else tells me otherwise, I'll change that part of the review.***these [ammo capacities] can be upgraded as you progress in the game, theoretically, but how someone can get past that first level is beyond me.,Posted: December 14, 2013It's pretty bad when the default xbox 360 controller controls are up + down = left and right and left + right on the other stick is accelerate and brake. Although it was funny playing the game with the controller turned 90 degrees.EDIT: Typo and \"helpful review. for anyone wondering, you CAN REBIND the buttons.  See thread: http://steamcommunity.com/app/7840/discussions/0/846959179179239666/\" Thank you Mr. Red. For me it was just easier to play something else :P,Posted: October 14, 2017Gave it a try. The driving physics arent good and it feels really slow, after failing to finish the first race 3 times I put it on easy and still failed not enjoyable gameplay.,Posted: June 17, 2015Bought this because I played the original Deathtrack back in the 80's.  Had way more fun then.  Handling of cars are dreadful.,Posted: December 8, 2014Reminds me of Death Rally. High speed arcade shoot em up racer, great fun.The campaign and tournament progression system is a bit rough but the gameplay is competitive and fun, moreso when you unlock the faster engine parts.,Posted: May 21, 2014ok this game is just wow  it reminds me of when i play Jak X Combat Racing on the PS2   BUT i must say there are some downsides to this title the story is rather short lack of a sound track i think i heard the same song Twice on the same track but the gamplay is TIght its Challenging and rather good  Sound and Effects = 8/10music = 4/10 gameplay = 9/10difficulty curve = 7/10replay value = 9/10final score of  6/10 furry clawsthis game is good if you had a bad day and want to blow something up  THE only thing i wish that was in the game was a Online and Offline multiplayer  i mean i can see it right now  Tag team racing as a type of game mode one drives while one is on the gun  and i can just belive the insainty that could happen if this went online  oh well a cat can dream can't she?,Posted: July 18, 2011This game is an absolute FAIL!  No multiplayer, sloppy levels and handling that predates the invention of the wheel.  I'm going to play the original Death Track with DOSBOX instead!,Posted: April 7, 2014not so good, an ordinary run-and-destroy racing game.is it bad? nocan you have better experiences? absolutely yes.not recommended because you can spend your time playing something more interesting"
"213"	"816600"	"丰裕之角 不可思议之物居住的小镇"	NA	NA	"Indie,RPG,Adventure,Visual Novel"	"About This Game丰裕之角，传说中的世外桃源，相传那里生存着各国神话中记载的神奇动物。幸歌，一名普通的法国留学画师，却正经历着失去亲人和财富的哀痛。走投无路的他意外发现，自己居然能看懂用“动物文”书写的招聘启事，抱着试一试的心态，幸歌踏上了前往丰饶之角的路途。麒麟和芬里尔，这对有着“神奇动物”血脉的姐弟因为不韵世事，在越来越发达的现在社会里无处容身，伴随着临时居所的又一次消失，姐弟俩被迫踏上了前往丰饶之角的道路。在车站月台的偶遇，幸歌在善良天性的驱使下，无意间帮助了姐弟两人，三人也因此结下了友谊，结伴前往这片传说中的地域。命运丝线相互纠缠，友情羁绊也在不断加深，丰饶之角究竟位于何处？而神奇动物们的未来又将会在哪里？与幸歌一起，结识个性独特的神奇动物伙伴。其中的精彩，将交由玩家您来亲自赏玩。※本游戏一部分路线有恋爱相关内容，可本游戏的目的并不是恋爱。"	""
"214"	"658001"	"Trove - Fast Fortune Pack"	2017-06-27	19.99	"Free to Play,Massively Multiplayer,Casual,RPG,Action,Adventure"	"About This ContentLevel faster, and get the Power Rank you need from Gems!30 Gem Booster Boxes2 Empowered Gem Boxes2 Double Experience Potions Lasts 1 hour, even when offline!2 Radiant Sovereigns Redeemable for great prizes in the Hub!+20 Patron Points"	"Luxion of the Golden Hoard is a gorgeous dragon who returns to the Hub twice a month to trade goods for Dragon Coins. You’ll find Luxion near the Dragon Crucible from April 26 until April 29. He’ll vanish at 4AM PDT (11AM UTC) on April 29, so don’t wait too long!Just a few of the items Luxion is offering up on this next visit are:Arcanium SteamboatCotton Candy allyBaby DillomountWings: Firework FliersFishy trophyLuxion’s loot is a way for players who missed limited time items in the past to pick them up directly. You’ll also find brand new items at a higher Dragon Coin price periodically. Items will repeat eventually, but it may take a while for a specific piece of loot to return so be sure to check back on every visit!,So i decided to buy some credit pouches and keeps giving me this stupid error saying \"Purchase failed: An unknown error occurred completing your purchase. Please try again later\" when ive tried waiting and waiting and also submitted a support ticket and s...,I know it can be done because I was in a club where everyone had their own plot of land, but how do I allow people to only build in a certain area, but not let them build everywhere (like in the hub),Luxion of the Golden Hoard is a gorgeous dragon who returns to the Hub twice a month to trade goods for Dragon Coins. You'll find Luxion near the Dragon Crucible from April 12 until April 15. He’ll vanish at 4AM PDT (11AM UTC) on April 15, so don't wait too long!Just a few of the items Luxion is offering up on this next visit are:SS Solidarity boatMag Rider: Sanctuary ShuttleMag Rider: Cardboard CoasterSS Trovian boat and Trovian sailWhile you’re checking out Luxion this weekend, don't forget the chance to craft your favorite mount during Mount Parade 2019!,Posted: April 30Kinda nice,Posted: April 27Pure amazingness. This game is when roblox, minecraft, advanced dungeons and dragons, fortnite, and even overwatch having a baby!,Posted: May 2My house is the Tower of Sauron Xd,Hey everybody,We’re bringing Trove for PC offline tomorrow, April 4 at 8 AM PT (3 PM UTC) for a Bomber Royale Season 2 hotfix. Patchnotes can be found below.Downtime will last approximately 1 hour.First Block in Bomber Royale no longer counts indirect kills, such as knocking someone off a cliff or in to lava.  It now requires direct damage from bombs or bomb jump to get First Block.Bomber Royale Duo Queue has been disabled due to some confusion and other undesirable behavior.  The solo queue has been re-enabled.Thanks.,the game has been loading for almost 30minutes and  it just says \"LS: Received login response\"  someone help me please,Just started last week, so I am pretty new to this game. Just looking for some people to have a good time with. Just add me if you are interested. Would prefer a mic for chat. ,I am a returning player and I was wondering what the easiest way of getting more magic find was. If anyone could inform me thanks."
"215"	"569410"	"Zup! 2 - DLC"	2016-12-13	NA	"Casual,Indie,Puzzle,2D,Relaxing,Physics,Minimalist,Singleplayer,Short"	"About This Content▪ 11 New levels▪ New cubesATTENTION: If new levels are not displayed after you start - reinstall Zup! 2 in Steam"	"Posted: December 15, 2016It's free DLC for Zup! 2!!! That said, it's free and adds 5 minutes of life to your copy of Zup! 2.  Additional challenge without new achievements.  I'll have to say that I'm really enjoying the Zup! series so far!10/10  There's really no reason you wouldn't want to install this DLC...unless you didn't enjoy the base game.,Posted: February 13More levels,fun and its free, nothing else to say.,Posted: January 1, 201711 New LevelsNew CUBES type !FREEEEEEEEEEE !:D,Posted: June 20, 2017Its always good when a game lets you have a Free DLC :D 10/10,Posted: September 13, 2017Much like the original Zup!, this dlc gives you a couple minutes more playtime with what feel like levels that didn't make the cut in the main game. They also include the silver blocks (click to remove) that were not in the main game. Only 11 this time (as opposed to 22), they're worth trying if you enjoy physics puzzles.Read my main game review here.,Posted: December 13, 2016Zup 2 DLC IS AWESOME!!! PLAY IT!,Posted: April 30, 201710/10,Posted: June 20, 2018More levels and its free, nothing else to say.It's a pretty good DLC.,Posted: March 14, 2018Zup! 2 DLC - The mini ReviewShorter on content than the DLC for the first game, this DLC 'only' has 11 additional levels but it has another new mechanic. Quality over quantity. I think adding another new mechanic for 11 new levels is better than adding 22 levels of the same.So if you own Zup! 2 you should definitely get this DLC cause it's fun and free.,Posted: December 30, 2017One of the best achievements for Achievement Showcase!Thanks Developers!"
"216"	"1015110"	"SYNTHETIK: Arena Supporter Pack"	2019-01-21	4.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentIf you enjoy the game and want to support us and the game, here is an opportunity!The optional Synthetik: Arena supporter pack contains:- Jimmy the DroneGet Jimmy the drone as alternative for the default Player drone! (Cosmetic Only) Changes color related to the class used!- Heavy M75 bolt action sniper rifleSecond Series 0 category weapon       Fires powerful penetrating yellow laser shots, with a special effect, charging up damage over time when standing stillPowerful and very cheap at 350 credits but hard to master! Fun to use for all classes(In Legion Rising, it drops as a blue weapon)- Unique Chat color & Icon(Combines with the Legion Rising supporter pack for an special icon and even brighter color)- Synthetik wallpaper and Unit-Cutouts for printingBig thanks from the team!- Eric, Alex & Karl(The Synthetik: Legion Rising supporter pack is also compatible with Synthetik: Arena)"	"Hey everyone!It seems like a lot of Chinese Letters were missing due to a technical error but nobody told us and we did not really know, this is fixed now and the chinese translation should be very significantly better now. (Korean and others were also improved slightly)Also please let us know how you find the Chinese translation as it is now, we really need to know how good it is. + Fixed some bugs from survival Best - FF,Not a fan of active reload in games, and this one takes even further by first having to eject, then hit reload, then try and hit the sweet spot for reload timing.  To me this is just honestly a completely unneeded over complication of a simple game mechni...,I was just wondering if 4 player co-op was in the works. I think it would be perfect for this game, considering there are 4 class types. Either way, I'm enjoying my time with the game so far.,can't connect to a game server,Posted: April 28The controls are different from other rogue like shooters, but once you find your stride it is a lot of fun. Keep up the good work.,i already complete all other 3 modes above survival, and yet survival mode are still locked.anyone here know how to unlock them ?,Can I lock the mouse to the game window? Currently unplayable with it being able to move over to the other monitor,Hey everyone!The new update is out, including Survival mode, and one alternative map layout for each of the Core Defense maps. Some new items, many item changes and more.Read the full Patchnotes here:https://steamcommunity.com/games/528230/announcements/detail/1810916040126123342See you ingame! - FF,Posted: April 30Played the infinite wave mode once. Bought the proper game immediately."
"217"	"451210"	"Rocket Shooter"	2016-04-01	6.99	"Action,Sports"	"About This GameRocket Shooter - this team game first-person shooter. The main feature is a move with super speed and super jumps! The game has some fantastic levels, lots of weapons and incredible graphics. Game modes: 1. Team play 2. Against everyone Features: -super speed and jumping -fantastic levels -realistic graphics"	"Posted: March 31, 2016I got trolled by the fake positive review, that has just disapeared from the review page.Lets see: 1. Just played the game and there was not even one single server online.2. The bots (maximum 8) are stupid, they just stand there and shoot.3. Only 2 maps.4. Super speed and normal speed difference is massive. When you don't hold shift its sooooo slow, like youre walking,so you just end up holding shift anyway.5. guns (only 2) feel like potatoes.6. Blur is always on. This \"game\" feels like someone modded a crappy bargain bin fps by stripping it of everything, turned up the movement speed, then got the license to sell it as a standalone.,Posted: March 31, 2016Not a good game. has a very good concept but the gameplay is just awful.,Posted: March 31, 2016Really bad maps are bad and graphics are wayyyyyyyy too demanding,Posted: November 19, 2017It not that bad it not good but it not bad it ok it still fun to play if you like bots but it fun the only thing bad with it is that no one plays it so if more people play it will be more fun so buy it a play becaues it okay.,Posted: May 17, 20173 minutes, was all I needed to know it SUXS. This game has great posibility but here... The gave up on it.,Posted: November 28, 2016The game opens just following the events of Halo: Reach, as the Pillar of Autumn exits slipspace near a mysterious ring-shaped space station, called \"Halo\" by the enemy in the game, the Covenant. A Covenant fleet attacks and heavily damages the Pillar of Autumn."
"218"	"1000640"	"Clam Man"	2019-05-23	NA	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameWELCOME TO SNACKY BAY!Snacky Bay is a mid-sized underwater community located under the water. Our prime exports are artisan sandbags, the musical group The Cuttleboys, and of course, SNACKY BAY PRIME MAYONNAISE. Whether you've come to see some of our famous landmarks, (like that one really big building and the fountain outside the really big building) visit one of our famous museums, (The Contemporary Cart Museum features some of the finest modern carts of all time, including golf, go, shopping, and horse!) or perhaps sample some of the local cuisine, (Mama Bass gave me horrible diarrhea. It sucked, but my brother went there too and he was fine, so I guess it could still be good. The Beefy Reef is pretty decent too.) you can be sure that SNACKY BAY is the one location you won't want to miss out on for your next vacation!This message was sponsored by the Snacky Bay Prime Tourism Office.STORYClam Man is the story of the Clam Man. Intriguing, isn't it? Yes, it's true - he is a clam and yet also a man. This is not a topic of debate, it is fact. We've confirmed it while working on this game. Using science.\"He certainly is a clam man.\"  - PlaytesterThank You, Playtester - we couldn't agree more.But to be more specific: This is the story of a man, recently promoted to junior sales representative, enjoying the comforts and leisure of lower-mid-level office work. However, things suddenly take a turn for the worse, and the Clam Man is cast into an adventure full of danger, suspicion, and mystery. Join him, as he unravels the conspiracy behind the tragic event that befalls him, and fight to restore CLAMMY JUSTICE to the world of Snacky Bay.FEATURESA story full of twists and turns and a huge amount of strange jokes!More than 20 unique and strange characters to interact with! (I really like the jellyfish personally)A spectacular original soundtrack!Lots of plantsUmmPhone calls!Puzzles! Knots!The most evil bad guy in the history of evil bad guysAnime fight scene!Our boys in blue!And of course, a duck.WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH ENOUGH WITH THE JOKES What is all this about evenClam Man is a point'n'click adventure game, with an emphasis on story rather than puzzles! We wanted to create a game focused on the parts we loved about old school adventure games - the story and the jokes. It's a simple, entertaining game where you explore the world and interact with it's inhabitants. Oh, and we did throw a few puzzles in here and there, too.IS THIS FOR ME?I don't know you, but I'm sure you're a pretty cool person. I'll just ask a couple questions to figure that out:Do you enjoy story-driven games? Do you enjoy absurd and strange comedy? Do you want to relax and play a game where the primary objective is to make you laugh at said strange comedy?Have you got a thing for ridiculous underwater settings and weird, nonsensical stories?well yeah you know in that case it's definitely for youMuch love,//Team Clam"	""
"219"	"564920"	"Smoots Tennis Survival Zombie"	2016-12-20	4.99	"Indie,Casual,Sports,VR"	"About This GameSave your Smoot from the hordes of Zombie Smoots.After Halloween, the hell has arisen and all Smoots have become Zombies, you have to save yourself and eliminate all the Zombies on the cemetery in order to extinguish the Zombie apocalypse.After Smoots World Cup Tennis, Kaneda Games have developed the Zombies minigames for VR, use your racket and destroy all the zombies with your balls of fire.KEY FEATURESPlay with HTC Vive and delight your senses with total immersionUse motion control to hit the ballPlay in a cemetery ambientPlay 7 levels of difficultyOnce you finished all the levels play on never ending Survival mode"	"Posted: November 26, 2017Tough game to recommend.  On the one hand, the game delivers exactly on what it promises.  The store description says 7 levels of increasing difficulty.  You see the video on the game store page and the game screen shots.  So you know exactly what you're getting.   Note: I played this on the Oculus Rift with Touch controllers, I had to do a windows 7 compatability fix, but then it worked fine after I started from Steam VR (didn't work if you start app directly from Steam)  So it comes down to value really.  Is this game worth $4.99?  Nope.  Is it worth $2.49?  That's where I'm struggling.  I don't want to give a negative review because the game worked exactly like it said it would.  It's a stand still, racket game where you basically have to knock down moving targets before you run out of time.  Priority is placed on the zombies that are destroying the fence.  I found that  you can control where the ball goes.  You really have to be good at both your forehand and backhand swings though.  I found it helps if you're staring at your target and time your swing correctly to achieve the right angle on the swing.  I think in the end, sadly, this game is a $.99 cents game really.  I almost finished this game in 30 minutes.  It was 1 environment, with only two enemy types (zombie, zombie with helmet), with only one powerup target (a bomb).  The 7 levels really don't change anything up, other than there's more zombies.  Sale Price Rating 4.5/10 ... close, just needs more content to justify the current price or a further price drop to justify it's lack of content,Posted: December 21, 2016potential game, but something is not feeling right. everytime i wave my bat and hit the ball, the ball just goes to a wrong direction, not like the real, how can i control it?and maybe multiplayer versus mode will be fun, come on developers."
"220"	"537020"	"Legions of Tyrandel"	2016-12-16	14.99	"Strategy,Indie,Multiplayer"	"About This GameLEGIONS OF TYRANDELWar has broken out in Tyrandel! Primeval crystals have emerged, bringing with them the promise of power to those who control them. The once peaceful factions now muster their armies and march to war. Legions of Tyrandel is a competitive strategy game designed for two players. Choose from 8 unique commanders to lead your army to victory on the battlefield. In this hybrid between a card game and a turn based strategy game, the cards in your deck become the units under your direct command.PLAN:Build your deck from over 200 unique cards, all of which are available right from the start.CONTROL:Carefully maneuver your cards to capture the objectives and gain control over the battlefield.CONQUER:Push your way past your opponent's defences to claim victory for your army!CAMPAIGN:Hone your combat skills offline by playing the campaign, as you attempt to lead Valkyrie's Legion to victory.Legions of Tyrandel features online multiplayer, hotseat play and VS CPU game modes."	"Posted: December 18, 2016Early Access ReviewWow, it has been ages since I seen a strategy game like this!It brings back memories of card games like Yu-Gi-Oh & Pokemon and puts its own spin on it. The game can be played with a friend, but also has it's own puzzles and missions that you can try offline.- For those worried that they will not be able to understand how to play, fear not! There is a built in tutorial. I was one of these people.Pro's- Every card is well thought out and has its own \"faction\" (type) as well as abilities that can be used.- The artwork on the cards has a stylistic charm similar to other famous strategy card games.- The music is great and nice to listen to as you slowly move forces into your enemies domain!Con's- There are only so many maps to play on and I would love to see more.It's a shame that this has so few players. I had tons of fun playing this with my friend, and recommend this to anyone who likes this genre of games.,Posted: November 26, 2017This game deserves a more in depth review than it has had yet, so I'll do my best.Between the campaign and the puzzles there is some good content that will make you think hard.The Campaign's final battle was suitably epic.  Unfortunately, beating the campaign and trying all of the puzzles and only failing on 2 out of 17 puzzles, both of which I think were bugged, only took me 13.8 hours.  paying the 6 USD sale price for 13.8 hours of good fun, I think I got my money's worth, but I've had better deals.  what would give this endless hours of fun would be if the multiplayer or offline vs. CPU modes were good.  Unfortunately I've tried searching for multiplayer games without being able to find any.  It seems like this game got buried in mass of games being produced nowadays and noone bought it, so unless you have a steam friend you can buy this game for and convince to play it with you or this game shocks everyone with a second wind of sales then multiplayer just isnt going to happen.  Multiplayer also lacks a menu where you could potentialy see what other players games are going on and have an option to observe those games if those players allowed observers into their games.the Offline VS. CPU mode didn't impress me either.  This and multiplayer are the only modes where you can build your deck from the full complement of cards in the game.  The Campaign, while fun, doesnt even use a deck in 6 of the 9 missions, and when it does use a deck, your card choices are heavily limited.  Unfortunately, the CPU AI is pretty bad, so I can't realy test what cards are good or bad effectively in the VS. CPU mode.  Another feature I would have liked to see for the VS CPU mode would have been the ability to play with or give the CPU a random deck.  there is no random deck option, you have to pick your opponents deck, so you know what they have.One thing that disappointed me from Steam's side is that in the window for \"similar to games I play\" on this game's store page, it didn't list Pox Nora.  This game is infact similar to Pox Nora and less buggy than that game.  Last I played Pox Nora was like 2 years ago though but I have over 390 hours in that game.Overall I'll give this game a 6.8/10  I wanted to give it a higher score, and I still do reccomend it.  It is good fun and takes a good amount of thinking hard for about 13.8 hours.  Understand that if you do buy it, chances are you probably wont find yourself playing it much longer than that.,Posted: December 29, 2016Early Access Reviewgiving this game a positive review for trying something new, i have yet to fully explore the game as of now, but seems pretty nice :),Posted: October 21, 2017Product received for freeEverything you want in a strategy game, with a unique mixture of ideas. You can tell the developers put a lot of love into the game!"
"221"	"356630"	"Chip's Challenge 2: Editor"	2015-05-28	NA	"Indie"	"About This ContentInitially Chip's Challenge 2 seems to be about playing through a series of puzzles. But it’s also about learning the mechanics of game play, so as the Player you can become the Creator, making the game more than just passive experience, but a creative one too.The paint style interface allows you to make complex logic puzzle, skill dodging levels or just simple mazes, so that you can get a taste quickly of what it’s like to be a game designer, by seeing your ideas coming to life. Chip's Challenge 2: Editor includes:All the game elements, abilities & monsters from Chip's Challenge 1 & 2Two player co-op split screen optionAbility to swap .c2m files with friends You've been a Player of Chip's Challenge 2, now you can also be a Creator too."	"-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Here's how to download the Beta Build on the bug_test branch:http://steamcommunity.com/app/346850/discussions/0/598198173701853794/--------...,I have heard that scores at least in the MS version of Chip's Challenge are affected by the amount of efforts player takes to complete a level. However, there doesn't seem to be any noticeable difference in end-of-level scores in the Steam releases of Chi...,Every time I try to get the first red key without using the ice block chip dies. But if I use the ice block to get the red key then I can't figure out how to get the chip surrounded by the 8 ghost and green stuff.,Getting frustrated. Chips challenge 2 level editor sucks. Screen is too small, the logic for traps makes no sense. You should have the ability to add wire or connection of some kind between buttons and traps reading left to right until if finds a trap mak...,Uninstalled did everything. Also Sound Effects don't seem to change between Classic and Original, haven't tested custom bitmap image to see if that works or not."
"222"	"779010"	"Last Berserker: Unlock All Characters"	2018-01-10	0.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentLast Berserker - Unlock All CharactersYou can unlock all the characters in the game with this DLC, instantly."	"HiI have the Unlock all characters dlc. But when I go ingame, all the characters that I did not have are still locked.,I'm curious about it, so post your best score so far, this is mine  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1268463771,Benimle iletişime geçebilir misiniz ?,\"It is dangerous to go alone.\" seems to be non-functional at the moment.Have six unlocked characters according to the stats screen so discounting the starting knight I should still have unlocked enough to have gotten this one.On another note the menu o...,Is it possible to add controller support? So that I can play it with the same hand motion I play similar games on my android phone, which is by using my thumbs."
"223"	"882590"	"Ragtag Crew"	NA	NA	"Indie,Strategy,RPG,Turn-Based Combat,2D,Perma Death,Post-apocalyptic,Singleplayer,Replay Value,Rogue-like,Tactical,Turn-Based,Difficult,Rogue-lite,Adventure,Turn-Based Tactics,Turn-Based Strategy,Party-Based RPG,Tactical RPG"	"About This GameHelp your team of adventurers make it through a deadly desert and find the treasures of a lost civilization. Navigate a randomly generated map, make tough choices based on text events, and take part in fiendishly difficult turn-based battles.A diverse team – a choice of 8 characters from a gunslinger monk to a breeder of terrifying desert beasts.You decide where to go — for example, do you want to dash to a shelter to regain your health, or risk everything to loot an abandoned station?Tactical battles — where you know your opponents' plans in advance. Use your team well and you can make your enemies' plans backfire.Text events — make difficult choices. Watch your characters evolve and see how their abilities lead to new developments in familiar situations.Characterization — all the team members are unique and have their own views. A decision which pleases one character might enrage another one.Team upgrades — learn new skills, arm yourself with artifacts from the Era of Miracles, and even get a robot assistant.Replayability — each run features new locations, events and opponents.One chance — every decision is final and the death of the team means game over. There is no way to go back, so every single choice matters.https://store.steampowered.com/app/882590"	""
"224"	"765370"	"RTS Commander: Smash the Rebels"	2018-12-28	NA	"Strategy,Indie,RTS,Tactical,Retro,3D Vision"	"THIS IS,Just Updated24.01.2019 Current Version is Beta 1.10.28.11.2018 RTS Commander: STR. First Version Lynx VII27.11.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version Lynx VI21.08.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version Lynx V13.06.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version Lynx IV10.05.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version Lynx III20.04.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version LynX II09.04.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is First Version LynX28.03.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is Prepairing Steam Release19.02.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is Beta Mega Vehicle Update 3.00.18.02.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is Beta Major Update 2.50.24.01.2018 RTS Commander: STR. version is Beta 1.42,About This GameSmash the Rebels is a Real-Time-Strategy Game and part of the RTS Commander series. The game respects the traditions of good old days RTS games. Game graphical design is retro and it is evolving all the time. New features and content will be added to the game at regular intervals. The game uses OpenGL, a revolutionary option to DirectX since year 1991, was originally developed by Silicon Graphics.  Thanks to OpenGL Highly Optimized Code, this game will run on just about any graphics card produced in 2004 and later, so you don't need to worry much about what graphic card do you have.RTS Commander is now available with a new Update! This version has 10 level. Remember also check new DLC:s.Explore the planet surface.. Rebels activity is rising! Smash The Rebels  contains the following maps (levels) and will continue to grow:1. First Contact2. Whispering Shadows 3. Defend The Base 4. The First Starfighter5. Karjala Outpost6. ICE Base7. Only Few8. Art Of War9. Burning Sun (FPS!)10. City Under Attack (NEW!)And we are planning to add at least half of these maps to the Beta 5 version:Space MissionBattle In The Desert Arctic TouchRebels Jungle BaseMystic RiverHead HunterFighting For FreedomSpace, The Final Battle ArenaGame has more than 30 different kind of Ground, Air and Space units. These troops have been developed directly in Republic headquarter in order to beat rebels. Fight your way to victory! APC, Assault Tank, Cannon Buggy, Cougar Tank, Engineer, Frank The Tank, Gunner Tank, Heavy AA Cannon, Heavy Tank, Light AA Gun, Light Tank, Republic Mag Tank, Medium Tank, Mobile AA Missile, Mobile Artillery, Mobile Rocket Launcher, Mobile Missile Launcher, Battlefield Omega Tank, Republic Rage Gunner, Lion Rapter Tank, Omega Rocket Buggy, Ultra Rocket Ranger, Super Rocket Buggy, Lion One Tank and Special Light Tank. All of these vehicles have their own weaknesses and strengths.On this First Release, your base is already been built, but in future gameplay typically requires the player to construct a base and acquire resources. All available structures of the faction chosen by the player are constructed on-site at so-called construction yard. Available structures are: Mining Facility, Armory, Barracks, Construction Yard, Jetport, Power Plant, Radar, Research Facility, Weapons Factory and Silo.We all know that good music is an important element in a game. That's why we have carefully chosen what kind of music is playing in each level and made enough songs so that you can enjoy listening several different music tracks while playing. This latest version is not partly complete for music yet. Whispering Shadow -level include music from Audionatix music producer, their tracks are Don't Stop, Forest Rhythm and United We Groove. Whispering Shadows include also music which we have produced ourselves. Whispering Shadows level includes also music by Eric Matyas, he is working in Soundimage Org and his tracks are Urban Jungle, Dark Techno City, Light Years_v001, Cold Moon and Steamtech Mayhem.All characters and locations used in this game are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, vehicles and places is purely coincidental. The terrain is a mystery at first, darkened by the shroud of the undiscovered...Carefully designed maps, terrains, and detailed objects. New types of 3D-objects will be added to the game on the next update.Smash The Rebels contains the following features and will continue to grow:•       Supports a wide variety of different sceen sizes, supports also ultra wide monitors (2560x1080).•360 degrees view! (see gameplay video)•Clever AI •Several Units •Turrets •Structures •2 Factions•Obstacles •Pause -function by pressing P -key•Weapons •Technology Trees •One exciting FPS-level•Amazing 360-view battles•Awesome music tracsYour faction is Earth Republic Government (ERG), the greatest alliance of humankind's history. Fighting for Freedom! is ERG notorious motto. ERG believes that human destiny lies in the further development and exploitation of the technology. More than half of earth is part of this Alliance. Earth Republic swears to power of cooperation, technology, freedom, human rights and democracy. In Earth Republic army you will become a piece of the most well oiled machine in planet history. ERG army consist of Navy, Army, Space Forces and Air Forces. As a commander you lead the three of the latter. Enemy is greedy, vicious and erratic tyranny called Eastern Dynasty. They swear by the name of old technology, oil, the waste of natural resources, and the slavery of the people. Eastern Dynasty is ruled by a dictator, he's or she's name have remained unknown. Eastern Dynasty have a very aggressive army and they have invested to military and war technology more than Earth Republic. As a rebel group, their leadership lies with the Subjects Command, a visible co-operative of military experts and leaders who direct the liberation efforts as a whole. "	"Posted: April 7, 2018Early Access ReviewEarly Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: RTS Commander: Smash the RebelsVersion: Initial Release Gameplay Footage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmW2hdWWrQcDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer. I understand this game only has one level present in the current build, so this will not be factored into the plethora of issues and missing features. The major offenses include the inability to save (game crashes), random crashes (upon start up and selecting the one level), and the lack of a competent AI. The enemy will just spams the same light tank from the only enemy producing building and will not build any other structures to compensate for the inevitable lose of said building. The map itself is small with the border outlined by a thin line when you clear away the fog of war (which looks funky with the area outside the map completely illuminated. Even with such a small map, I encounter a few instances when it would nose dive to 1 FPS for a couple of seconds before finally fixing itself. The next few points can probably be excused by the simple fact this game is in early access, but I wanted to bring them up as a comparison to the engine properties. Certain buildings are available and offer no strategic or beneficial features due to the lack of infantry and the lack of a technology system. The same logic can be said about several of the units on the build bar (can only build one type of unit at a time), most of which can be toggled for creation. The units do not have any clear tag as to which building creates them and half the time you will see the build complete with no unit produced. There is no point in including a building or unit if they are not available yet or have no units assigned to them for creation. There are other issues too, such as the lack of waypoints for troops once built (instead just herd into each other inside the building), a hard to read victory summary at the end of the level, the lack of a options menu on the main menu and the overall lack of a challenge. The game just feels rushed, which could be forgiven if the one available mission felt robust or offer more than a tank rush from the enemy AI. I just cannot recommend it in this state. I wish the developer luck with this, but I don’t see how far they can get with something as limited as the RTS Creator (featuring 3DRT . Com assets). This has been a EAW PSA.,Posted: April 9, 2018Early Access ReviewIn a word... Really?so bad even i couldnt stand longer than 5 minutes before quiting.. its a world record for me :O,Posted: April 10, 2018Early Access ReviewI don't think the timing was quite right putting this on the early acess market. I'm usually forgiving of early access releases, so long as they demonstrate a unique underlying idea. But I don't see what's unique about this game. It seems on the trajectory to be a very generic RTS.The terrain looks like if you run google maps with no internet connection (so it can't load images) and zoom it way in. All blurry and obnoxious for the eyes.Some of the music didn't hit the mark for me either. I might expect those sort of tunes in a coffee shop or something, but not while engaging in combat.I hope to check up on this in a year or so and find that I was wrong, but what I saw did not make me confident in this game's future."
"225"	"872230"	"Destiny of Altrais"	2018-10-18	5.99	"Casual,Adventure,RPG,RPGMaker"	"About This GameStory•The Land of Altrais was being united by a caring and benevolent king whose only hope was to see a Golden Age. In his travels the king met         many races and worked tirelessly to help them understand the need for peace. Working with the Ancients he was able to foresee a great evil         coming to tear the kingdom apart. While developing a mass tablet transportation system the evil was sowing the seeds of discontent and         hatred.•Unbeknownst to the king, the Evil in the East had its claws in all of the races one way or another and was just waiting for the right moment         to strike. Whispers of this deceit reached the king who decided to try and defeat this evil alone before it would tear the kingdom of Altrais         apart. Sadly he failed in his endeavor and the hope of a Golden Age for Altrais died with him…or so was thought.•Many years later the kingdom of Altrais has been split into 7 distinct races who barely acknowledge that there ever was a chance for peace.         The races all vie for the crown of Altrais, but none have been able to locate it.•Legends speak that the king of old wore armor that was built by each race. This armor was imbued with such power that helped calm the         minds of the people and see reason in working together. The armor is thought to be in the possession of the Evil in the East who now seeks         the crown to fully seat themselves as ruler of Altrais.•You are but a squire for the King of the Humans and have been a servant all your life. Your family was killed in a tragic fire while working for         the King and so he felt it his obligation to take you in and raise you. However, he could not let the other races think him weak so he could         not take you as his son and heir. For what king deserves to rule when he cannot even have his own blood on the throne.•Evil continues to roam the land of Altrais and threaten the very existence of the races. Rumors speak that the Evil in the East has redoubled         its efforts to secure the crown. However, even quieter rumors have started to be heard the Evil in the East does not even control the Armor         of Legend and seeks to destroy all races that may be hiding it.Combat•Turn based battle system with up to 4 total members on the combat screen.•Various elements and weapon types causing the player to choose how they want to do battle.•Specific weapons and armors to specific hero classes will allow the player to develop the fighting team how they choose.•Enemy levels with scaling to allow a continual feeling of progress and difficulty regardless of where the player adventures.•Up to 36 total followers allowing for multiple variations of playstyles and party dynamics.•Random encounters that are specific to terrain and vary on creature type and difficulty.Questing•7 races providing a total of 150 quests and multiple additional side quests all being contained within an easy to use Journal System•Open world adventuring and questing allowing the player to decide how they want to play and which races they choose to help.•A blueprint system to allow the player to upgrade their City of Altrais into something more suitable to their questing style.•Consequences for choices reminding the character that they are to be a force of good for the Kingdom of Altrais, since evil is already around."	"Posted: January 23so the game has good bones, however i feel there should be a Run away option when in a fight... also the potions are super weak for just starting the game out and the monsters you fight are quite difficult in the beginning. Also what makes the game a bit frusterating is that when you die ... thats it game over completely now you have to start completely over from the beginning which makes the game EVEN HARDER when you just start. Need a bit of work but looking forward to some tweeks in a hopefully soon update. i enjoy the story line and how the story unfolds the more i play."
"226"	"817640"	"Adelantado 4 Aztec Skulls"	2018-03-22	4.99	"Adventure,Casual,Simulation"	"About This GameIn Adelantado 4 Aztec Skulls, you assume the role Master Miguel Sanchez as he leads an expedition across New Land. Use your strategic skills to lead your expedition. Manage resources, collect gold, explore new territories and aid native locals as you search for the legendary Aztec skulls. A captivating story and strategic gameplay await you.challenge yourself with 4 different difficulty modesplay through 4 books of episodes and unlock bonus levelsgather resources and manage workerssearch for secrets hidden on new land"	"Posted: April 8, 2018The first three Adelantado sit somewhere between time management and casual city-building sim, with long, sprawling levels with lots of freedom in placing buildings and a focus on exploration. I have quibbles with some of their design and story choices, but their unusualness made them interesting and memorable.Adelantado 4, on the other hand, is basically a reskinned Roads of Rome: New Generation, with short levels and very little freedom, and missing the exploration aspect that I liked so much about the earlier games in the series. It's fine for what it is, but if I wanted Roads of Rome: New Generation, I would've just bought that instead.,Posted: October 14, 2018Gameplay is nothing like the Adelantado Trilogy, but it looks the same. Don't be fooled - unless you just love to look at it and not actually play it."
"227"	"634810"	"CW: Chaco War"	NA	NA	"Action,Adventure,Survival,First-Person"	"About This GameChaco War  immerses players in the most important war experience in South America on 20th century. Players will have to make teams to survive the extremely distressing and tough battles. The title offers an uncensored experience, with unique enemies and different combats: melee attacks with machetes, ambush attacks, Bolivian soldiers with flamethrowers and cunning hedging strategies. The multiplayer mode has also been improved with new action based on vehicles and tanks of that time.Face all kinds of tough and tactically advanced enemies who will not stop at anything to defend their homeland, from ambushes in the hot Chaco grasslands to snipers on Samu'u trees, passing very tough times due to the water shortage. Play as a rookie young man in his first time in war or as a Bolivian recruit in the \"Green Hell\".In demo will be updated with new free missions and we thank you to comment all recommendations. This first-person shooter will be built by everyone.Main FeaturesCapture of historic forts heavily guarded by the enemy.Players will have two main weapons (one long and the other short) and a secondary weapon, the machete.Improve your skills through experience points.Attack of wild animals: jaguars, crocodiles, snakes, pumasFind water from anywhere, rain, puddles, ponds, streams, even your own urine or you will die of dehydration.Each character will have a hydration system to fight against Chaco’s tough conditions, besides their vitality.The game is entirely a FPS narrated by a war veteran from his human perception and as a soldier on a warlike conflict, so the artistic feature of the camera direction will be that the scenes will always be focused on the player.Multilenguage, voices in Spanish-Guaraní and English. Subtitles in Spanish, English and coming soon Portuguese, German, French, Italian.Full Compatibility with Xbox 360/ONE and generic Controllers.VR compatibility (Oculus, HTC Vive) Comming soon.Multiplayer -Available Now (Latin America) Featuring a multiplayer system to make the experience more addictive and exciting. Prove your skills as a player and defeat rivals from across the globe.Multiplayer modes: Team Deathmatch (Available), Battle Royale (Coming soon).Human-Soldier (Coming soon)Even though customizing weapons was an impossible feature for that time, there was a mental and experiential evolution of soldiers, both military and human. Players can use experience points to become a tenacious warrior and endure the frivolities of war and the environment as a soldier and as a human being.Hydration SystemThe hydration system recreates how crude this war was, forcing the player to find a way to quench their thirst in one of America's hottest biomes, with water shortages being one more enemy to face. You will have to decide if you drink your own urine or load your canteen in a puddle facing the almost total absence of water. Dehydration and illnesses from drinking contaminated water caused countless casualties on both sides.VR (Coming soon)We want it to be a maximum war experience and we plan to include VR in the coming months, using HTC Vive and Oculus."	""
"228"	"793549"	"SENRAN KAGURA Peach Beach Splash - VALKYRIE DRIVE -BHIKKHUNI- Collaboration Pack"	2018-03-07	NA	"Action,Nudity,Sexual Content"	"About This ContentThis DLC pack includes the following items:Playable Characters 'Rinka Kagurazaka' and 'Ranka Kagurazaka'New Paradise Swimsuit 'OTOHIME'New Paradise Swimsuit 'LORELEI'Avatar Icon, Hair, Badge, Doll, Fan, and Flag for both characters,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Hey everyone,I wanted to make a central bug thread so you guys know what we're working on and what information we need before we can start working on these fixes. I'll be trying to scour the threads for new bugs, but if something's not up here already p...,hola gente, en este juego hay algun parche o algo para que quede en subtitulos en español?,Can we get a 90-95% discount for DLC? I'm not joking. You'll probably make a lot more money anyway.,,So, the current full cost of all DLC is of 10x the price of the base game. Is it worth it that much? And why is it so expensive?,Posted: May 2I do recommend this game but this game has no replay ability i find my self playing the same characters just using my waifu and fighting bots on the multiplayer,Posted: May 3It's for the gameplay"
"229"	"298810"	"Consortium Soundtrack and Discoveries"	2014-05-02	NA	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentCONSORTIUM Original Orchestral Score by Jeremy SouleMusic.The language of emotion and imagination.It is one of the cornerstones of storytelling, from the bards of old, to the symphony orchestras behind major motion pictures of today. We recognize this, and we recognize the role that music will play in interactive storytelling as the medium grows from its current state of infancy.In most games, music is an afterthought. Something which is created and produced, often separately from the game production. With such evocative titles as “Battle music,” “Exploration music,” etc., it is often placed into the game piecemeal wherever it happens to \"sound good\".Jeremy Soule has always approached his games with a keen eye, and a steady determination to advance the role that music plays. His scores are spellbinding, embodying the spirit of whatever work he is contributing to, and his standards are impeccable.We approached the score for CONSORTIUM in much the same way one would a film. The non-linear and branching nature of the game means that players will experience the story in their own way, from their perspective.  Jeremy’s music will always be there, complimenting what you’re doing, playing with your emotions. There are musical foreshadowing and powerful thematic moments that will help you to interpret the events and unravel the mystery. This music has deep meaning within the context of the narrative itself, in precisely the same way that the dialogue contributes to the narrative.TRACK LISTING:01:  projectb6 - 00:1502:  Our Little Blue Planet - 05:1803:  The Utopian Dream - 02:4704:  Interdimensional Rift - 00:4305:  The First Glimpse - 00:3906:  Imagine a Future... - 01:0707:  iDGi-1 Control - 01:3208:  Hello Seeker - 01:4009:  Consortium Bishop Six - 01:2610:  The Consortium - 02:0911:  Training Complete - 00:3612:  A Shocking Discovery - 00:5913:  A Dark Deed Explained - 00:3614:  Impossible Surprise Attack - 00:3415:  E.M.P. Weapon - 00:2516:  Brutal Display of Power - 00:4517:  A Mysterious Enemy - 00:2918:  Sinister Machinations - 02:2019:  This Is No Negotiation - 02:0920:  All Pawns To Mission Operations - 00:4021:  Zenlil Under Siege - 03:0822:  A Good Old Fashioned Dogfight - 03:2423:  Returning From A Merciful Battle - 00:3524:  Returning From A Bloody Battle - 00:3525:  Zenlil After The Siege 1 - 01:2826:  Zenlil After The Siege 2 - 01:4427:  Zenlil After The Siege 3 - 01:4128:  Zenlil After The Siege 4 - 01:4729:  The Consortium Queen - 00:5230:  The Virus - Locked In - 00:1831:  The Virus - Systems Haywired - 00:1332:  Endless Waves of Virtual Soldiers - 01:1433:  Zenlil Attacks - 01:3134:  The Enemy Influences - 00:2235:  Disturbing Nightmare -- The Traitor - 01:2436:  Dark Faith - 00:4537:  Traitor Suicide - 00:3938:  The Enemy - 01:1139:  The Prophetic Battle - 01:3340:  Haunted Zenlil - 00:4341:  Homidical Rage - 00:4342:  Seductive Corruption - 01:3743:  Preparing To Jump - 00:3944:  Freefalling Through A Thunderstorm - 01:2345:  Suit Sabotaged - 00:2346:  Quantum Paradox -- The Churchill Tower - 00:5947:  Quantum Limbo - 03:2048:  A Trapped Consciousness - 01:0149:  To Be Continued - 00:1650:  End Titles - 06:26iDGi-1 Discoveries Lore CompendiumThis document package is the ultimate hint-book to the Interdimensional Games Alternate Reality Game (A.R.G.) which has been ongoing since 2010. Or in other words, it is a hint book to the extremely detailed and rich back story and lore behind the entire concept which makes CONSORTIUM unique. Or in other-other words, it makes for an excellent alternative to playing the extremely complicated (and sometimes tedious!) A.R.G. Essentially, if you play through CONSORTIUM and find yourself wanting more story, more lore, more world and character building, look no further than this document package. The whole package was written by Vidal Desertch, principal inventor of the iDGi-1 satellite, and takes an unbiased look at the early stages of the long-standing conflict between the Consortium King and the Guardian Church. These events are during the King’s early development, back in 2028, whereas the events of  CONSORTIUM are 14 years later.The core 140 page iDGi-1 Discoveries document is split into two sections; Part One covers the high level history and overlaying background information on the King, the Guardian Church, and everything else A.R.G. related. A good starting point. Part Two is the direct guide to the A.R.G. itself with walkthroughs for all the puzzles, screenshots, links to videos, and fully detailed information on every story development. Included in the package is every important image, video, or sound clip linked to from the core document and the A.R.G. itself."	"Hello again Seekers,Consortium: The Tower Early Access ALPHA 1.8 has just been made live. A complete list of the changes made can be found HERE.  This update includes a smorgasbord of fixes and updates.Today's biggest improvement: AutoTalk.  The \"T\" button to bring down talk options is now a thing of the past.  Talk options will now automatically present themselves as they become available.  We've also just released a new trailer for The Tower on the store page and on YouTube, please consider sharing with your friends!https://youtu.be/-kueeAR9VhcTo try and keep this update brief but informative, here's a quick bullet point list of important things we want to say: We are zeroing in on finally reaching BETA for Act 1 of Consortium: The Tower.  There are still issues to clear and a lot of work to be done, but the goal is clearly visible now.   This project is not cancelled.  This project will NEVER be cancelled.   We are just moving at our own pace to complete it.  We deeply appreciate everyone's ongoing patience and support as we slowly but steadily work towards the finish line. :)   TO ALL FIG BACKERS READING THIS: Your version of the game will be getting updated very shortly. Also a new Fig update with a big surprise gift for all of you is coming!  Watch for this to drop within the next two weeks... We have two BIG surprises in store for all fans of iDGi and Consortium.  There is also the previously mentioned secret feature for The Tower still coming. (currently only Fig backers have access to this...)  The new version of CONSORTIUM is on it's way to GOG and Humble.  Those of you waiting for this, sorry for the delay!   Watch for it early next week.Just a heads up:  Other than some new screenshots of in development stuff, we may be going a little dark again for the next few months or so, as we work away in our development caves on a number of things. In the meantime we hope you enjoy the latest version of our game, and as always please feel free to swing by Discord.[discord.gg] to directly interact with us and the iDGi community.  We especially always want to know about any game breaking bugs you encounter with ALPHA v1.8!  That's all for now.  Until next time, safe interdimensional travels to you all!-iDGi,,http://www.thetowergame.com/Part Two of the iDGi-1 TrilogyBishop Six continues to struggle through his first day with the Consortium, this time within the world's most advanced skyscraper: the Churchill Tower. Drawn to the tower under impossible circu...,johnwilconson.com,Amazingly, the game still can't be played with only a controller, or even comfortably with a controller.  There is no way to either jump or utilize the inventory menu using the controller, nor access the huge database of text files.  There may be more fun...,So I was checking my hours on other games and realised I have almost 19h on record in this particular game but I don't remember having played this game nor adding it to my library in the first place...,Posted: May 5Much shorter than anticipated, this game, but still an enjoyable experience overall.  The world-building in Consortium is amazingly in-depth, the characters within are so real.  The experience falls apart a bit when it comes to combat (which feels unnecessary) and the inventory (which is confusing as all hell), but as an introduction to a franchise, which Consortium is, it's still well worth a look.For a more in-depth review, check out my Low Budget Gaming episode here: https://youtu.be/kHTodxPUUjsFor more reviews, as well as Let's Plays, look for Gemini Does Games on Youtube, Twitter, Twitch, and Patreon!"
"230"	"413590"	"RTK Maker - Upgrade to Full Edition - 三国志ツクール フル版アップグレードキー"	2015-12-09	9.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentThe unlock key to upgrade to the full-version of \"Romance of the Three Kingdoms Maker\".So many options for editing become available for the full-version owners! Create your own unique scenario and upload it to make other players try!A wide range of editing options are available, including officers' names, faces and parameters, countries, forces, rewards, battlefields and titles. Freely editing them all will even allow you to create a totally new world, far removed from the \"Romance of the Three Kingdoms\"! There are also a replete selection of support functions, such as auto creation of officer parameters or back story based on selected images.As well as thousands of available images for officer faces, including those taken from the history of the \"Romance of the Three Kingdoms\" series, a function is also provided to easily add your own images to the game."	"So with no proper English localised version forthcoming, and as far as I'm aware no fan-translation projects running for it, I've once again gotten sad that this isn't in English. This time I'm just going to make english helper graphics to help use the th...,I have nothing against Japan, Japanese, or any other language or culture, nor the thousands of wonderful titles that I will never see translated in my lifetime.I DO have something against being teased with content that I will never have the real-life ti...,I've been a fan of Romance of the Three Kingdoms games since forever.An RTK maker is a dream come true.,,well I would definitely buy it,Posted: May 3why isn't it English"
"231"	"888851"	"NTBSS: Master Character Training Pack - Hiruzen Sarutobi"	2018-10-18	3.99	"Action"	"About This ContentOnce you have downloaded this content, you can set a new master by going to Hidden Leaf Village in the online lobby followed by the Ninjutsu Library.Earn Training Points with Hiruzen Sarutobi to get your hands on various Ninjutsu, weapons, and costumes, allowing you to create a ninja unique to you!Content includes:• Two Ninjutsu:Fire Style: Dragon Flame Bombs (Defense Type)Earth Style: Earth Dragon Bullet (Defense Type)• A Secret Technique:Reaper Death Seal (Defense Type)• A Weapon:Adamantine Staff (Defense Type)• An Avatar Part:Hiruzen's Helmet (male only)• Costumes:Hiruzen Outfit (male only)Hiruzen's Ninja Way T-Shirt"	"Special events are now live until 9 May in Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker! Event 1: BORUTO CampaignFind free gifts in your gift box: Ninjutsu and costume of Boruto, Sarada and Mitsuki.(Ninjutsu: Vanishing Rasengan, Green Rain Ground Hold, and Snake Thrust)Event 2: Special Boost CampaignDuring the event period, three boosts will be active at the same time:-Earn 50% more Training Points from missions and online play.-Earn 50% more EXP from missions and online play.-Scroll acquisition rate is increased by 50%.,Hey guys im from EU and i started to play this game last night and i wanted to know how long does it take for a online pvp Match? Ive waited over 30 minutes and didnt found 1 matchFeels bad for my 12bucks,Posted: April 28The game has a very good gameplay with so much potential,but it needs more jutsu slots like 5, just 2.....seriously now -,-,Posted: April 28i like the game but the stages being 90% bottomless pit, unskippable cutscenes where you can still move sometimes and die, and when you kill a boss it will cut to them dying and if your mid jump chances are you die. besides that i like the game.40/100 add a ♥♥♥♥ing floor and allow for the npc chat to be skipped it will be an easy 90/100*editunskippable credits when you reach chunin which by then it seems  half the game tops is even unlocked. 20/100 not even closing the game will skip them it forces you. i quit.,We’re welcoming today in Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker the Legendary leader of the Uchiha clan, Madara Uchiha!You can now get his special master-ninjutsu training for your avatar with the DLC 9. It includes: Madara’s fan Avatar part: Madara’s hair (male and female) Madara Outfit (male and female) Madara’s Ninja way t-shirt Madara’s Ninjustu (Range Type):- Fire Style: Majestic Destroyer Flame: Channel your chakra into scorching fireballs, which, along with the flames they scatter around, deal damage.- Fire Style: Hiding in Ash Jutsu:Hide yourself into the ground by rolling up in hot ashes and dust. Upon the activation, it explodes, and during the effect it nullifies enemy attacks.- Secret Technique: Heaven Concealed:Create and drop a gigantic boulder on the battlefield. Upon impact, it creates a damaging shockwave across a wide range.Madara Uchiha introduction trailer:https://youtu.be/RHGGetvyr2o,This game online need fixed anyone >,I've got a little over 5 hours of playtime on this game already and I've been unable to play a single online match because matchmaking is absolutely dead. Bandai needs to remove the multiplayer tag from this game. It doesn't exist.Also, if you're ok wit...,Начнём обсуждение)Присоединяйся к нам: https://discord.gg/aZ9C5J9,I know people say *Just have fun* or *Make your own copy cat* But I am curious what the best or at very least most common builds for Ranged Jutsu's are used for PvE, I know for online it's amaterasu and water style: water dragon,Posted: April 27every once in a month you'll get either an error or a broken thing but they say it's a feature. And don't try writing to bandai for problems as they never respond or tell you to wait ."
"232"	"942220"	"Rescue Medic"	NA	NA	"Simulation,Action,Realistic,Casual,Singleplayer,Adventure,Atmospheric,Indie,First-Person,Management,Strategy,Education,Tactical,Gore,Destruction,Point & Click,Sandbox,Inventory Management,Real-Time,Violent"	"About This GameRescue Medic is a unique chance to become a real rescue team. With each subsequent level, you will gain new skills and get to know the realities of the paramedic's work.Such knowledge may be useful in the real world.Find out what it's like to save lives.These are real stories, real life, only confirmed behaviors of rescuers. - Minimal - Injured – Moderate - Immediate – Severe - Presumed DeceasedDo you know that in the real world you have to mark the victims using Triage system? Sometimes the victim is still alive but you must mark her as a dead person. Will you mark them correctly? You mustn’t leave “red” people without help. They need special attention and very often the only way to bring them back is CPR.Even if the victim is in good condition, protect her wounds so that her condition will not be disturbed. Remember that the \"yellow\" victim may become \"red\" if you do not protect her condition. Always pay attention to the critical points of the victim's state of health.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Game may contain scenes not suitable for children, such as blood and open wounds."	""
"233"	"1033470"	"DOA6 Character: Tina"	2019-03-15	3.99	"Action"	"About This ContentDownload this to use Tina in DEAD OR ALIVE 6: Core Fighters.Note: This content is only for the holders of the DEAD OR ALIVE 6: Core Fighters version of the game.(This content may be offered for free for a limited period of time.)"	"Added LEADERBOARDS.Added entry and victory animations for some characters.Added additional costume support.Adjusted game balance.Improved functionality.Corrected various bugs and issues.,  OMG  0 Players!!!!!!Sad,So, I was sorting through the DoA 6 files to create a  DS4 Prompts  mod. And discovered some interesting images which point at either scrapped or upcoming features (my guess...,https://www.reddit.com/r/DeadOrAlive/comments/bisqvg/upcoming_costume_packs_what_would_you_like_to_see/Post has got a lot of attention on Reddit with quite a few requests, some of which are unique. Have your say maybe a dev could come across it and jot ...,Definitely turned me off buying this game. Usually Fighting games drop to this population after a few weeks / months. This is the slowest most dead launch i've seen in recent times.Is there a reason for this that I might not be aware of?Hope the conso...,I was finally running the game and when I passed the first screen, and when I was on the saving info box, the game couldn't pass from it, is there a chance to configurate it to work with a keyboard?,Added LOBBY MATCHES.,Posted: April 30I was a fan of this game so much time to wait and finally its come!BUT THEY DESTROY THE GAME TOTALLY..the \"LOW PRICE\" to the season pass... hmm hmmm...And now they make AUTO GRAPHIC... The think they know all the player computers and even if you have a monster CPU you will play in online PS1 GRAPHIC.Wish I could refund this game only because of that.,Added Purchase option to WARDROBE.Added additional costume support.Adjusted game balance.Corrected various bugs and issues.For more information, please visit the website:https://teamninja-studio.com/doa6/us/update.html,Posted: May 3So all of that money for making this game and it comes out to be boring and broken? They spent WAY too much time on boob physics than the main fighting aspects of the game. Feels like a PS2 game with bigger boobs... Maybe because I’m not a horny teenager but this game needs to be at best $5.00 and the clothing for the digital girls $10.00 then maybe I wouldn’t feel so bad for the people throwing money at this game. $60.00 PLUS the downloadable content is utter and complete garbage. DO NOT WASTE money on this game until the price drops to acceptable prices.,Posted: May 4I have mixed feelings, for a Fighter Game it's very crisp and well done graphic wise; however charging 60$ for a game without 90% of the juicy parts that makes DOA, DOA is pretty unjust. It feels like they're trying to be the next EA Game Company.For those who have played DOA in the past, the fun in the game is actually unlocking the costumes and seeing many of them in scantily clad outfits WITHOUT paying for DLC's and all of that bull shiot.I'm currently a rank C, originally I was bracketed in the E Rank Range and I play on the PC, it's very discouraging that there are a few (10-15) every so often NON-LAGGY people on Online Ranked and it makes the battles so much harder in terms of predicting 2 steps ahead of what the lag portrays.My wish would be that they didnt turn all characters, and outfits to DLC for the price that they are charging us; they know that people will swipe for the game (same reason I did ;0) To only find out you only get about roughly 8 crappy outfits per character and the rest is DLC.I'm trying to see the bright side in DOA but for the consumer to be paying this much and not getting much but a system that fails online wise and costume wise may be the reason they are deterring so many customers.That's my take, but yeah."
"234"	"566720"	"Following Portents Video Commentary"	2016-12-02	NA	"Free to Play,Indie,Gore,Violent"	"About This ContentThe Following Portents video commentary offers a two and a half hour insight into the development of the first issue of Half-Life: A Place in the West.Narrated by co-creators Mike Pelletier and Ross Joseph Gardner, the video commentary takes viewers through the entirety of the first issue, exploring the conception of each scene - from the first drafts of the script, through to the pencils, the inks, and ultimately to the final product. We critically discuss early story ideas, character development, and the general experience of working on a comic book for the first time.In addition to being a behind-the-scenes look at the production of Issue 1, we also include and discuss never before seen content, such as pages that were scrapped, and excerpts from earlier drafts of the script.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"Is this because I am in new zealand.,Uptade is come , i read chapter 2 so Where are achievements ?,Good morning. I am creating this thread to track known issues as well as to give some information on reporting any issues. Not having access to every machine means that I'm relying on all of you to report things as you find them, so please do let me know ...,Are they active yet?,Hi everyone,There has been a lot of discussion about today’s release as being paid DLC from the achievement hunting community, and I want to publicly address what’s been said, and our perspective, and what we’re planning to do about it.The prima..."
"235"	"489020"	"iGrow Game"	2014-09-25	NA	"RPG,Simulation,Memes,Casual"	"About This GameThe new age of farming is here on steam! Not the typical farming game or simulator you will find anywhere else.iGrow Game is a single player cannabis growing game for windows PC. iGrow game is the only cannabis growing game available in 3D and in first person. Start your own cannabis growing factory in a grimy tower block based in the UK. Your goal is to take over and become the best grower around using the best equipment. Unlock equipment and new cannabis strains to sell to the highest ranked dealers to get the best price for your cannabis. The better price you get the more xp you will receive.Dealers buy depending on criteria such as dryness and potency. You can harvest a lot more wet cannabis then you can with dry cannabis, the quality will be greatly reduced despite high potency. Depending on rank, some dealers will not buy wet cannabis buds no matter what cannabis strain it is.Every game is different, the tower block is generated at the beginning of a new game. So dealers and rooms available to buy, will be in randomly generated positions. There's 4 ranks of dealers and the higher rank's are higher up in the 10 floor tower block. Move between floors by lift.Equipment effects your plants final yield and potency so make sure you upgrade between grows. - Unlock and grow over 1000 different strains of cannabis with the ability of cross breeding strains.- Unlock and buy containers, hydroponics, lights, reflectors and fan systems.- Grow up to 8 plants per room.- Buy over 30 rooms in each generated account.- Sell your cannabis to build up your weed growing empire!"	"Posted: June 18, 2016The idéa has potential, but the game it self is so unpolished and the lack of intresting gameplay puts it as a negative recomend. But if the developers use this money they now got and really put some effort into making this fun. It definetly could be!,Posted: June 9, 2016Bought this game as my first real \"garbage game\" purchase, thinking, \"Haha, what's the worst that could happen?\" The worst that could happen is that you play this game.,Posted: March 14, 2017Product received for freeiGrow sorta has the foundation of a pretty good business management type SIM. Go become a shady pot grower in an old run down apartment complex. Grow different types of Pot plants and expand your business and improve your growing operation with new technology. Sounds good on paper. Trouble is that the finished product turns this whole thing into a grind. Plants run out of water WAY too fast. Aside from watching Pot grow (Akin to watching paint dry) there isnt much to do besides blow all your money on food and water. The XP system ramps up so slowly you really don't feel all that rewarded for your efforts when you unlock new stuff. Add in tacky graphics that tile in a really obviously ugly way. I'd say this game is a pass. Go get yourself any number of other drug growing SIMs. Like Basement. If you want a first hand look you can see my video on the game here: https://youtu.be/kSaHUyRkuX4,Posted: June 10, 2016i was excited to play this becuase of the concept , that was alot like hemp tycoon from adult swim games. but you litterally can not play it idk what it is but tried load the game up over and over again , and nothing would load up just some rasta music . i will be asking for a refund,Posted: June 10, 2016Can't even play this game. All keyboard input works as well as mouse input until you actually try to use the WASD keys to move around. You don't move, AT ALL. Unplayable,Posted: June 10, 2016Terrible gameplay,Posted: January 22, 2017Is a review really necessary here?  Grow some digital ganja whilst smoking some real ganja...................life explained!,Posted: November 27, 2017It's good, but not Fallout 4 good.,Posted: June 11, 2016By far a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I booted the game up for the first time and it crashed. Then a second time and it worked, well i should say that it booted the game up but when it came to moving around I couldn't because for some reason my feet were glued to the ground. Sort your♥♥♥♥♥♥game out. Or better yet. Delete it.,Posted: January 11, 2017This game is amazing, but to make it even bettter you should add some sort ofway to decorate rooms, and adding online selling would be cool"
"236"	"610150"	"Fantasy Grounds - 0one's Colorprints #2: Riverside Inn (Map Pack)"	2017-03-20	3.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentØone's Colorprints #2: Riverside InnMap Module for Fantasy Grounds IIThe Riverside Inn lies, almost hidden, in a crouching bend of the Great River. It’s a three-story building made of river stones and sturdy oak wood. During the day casual passengers on riverboats can even not notice it, but, during the night, the inn’s lights are clearly visible from the river as well as from the land. Strategically placed halfway between two important cities, the Riverside Inn is the must-stop of all the cargo ships sailing on the Great River. Many captains choose to make a stop at the inn to drink its famous stout beer and taste its delicious sandwiches stuffed with salted butter and salmon, even if many of these captains and crews know about the hidden activity of the inn: a gambling house. Hidden behind secret doors located in the huge inn’s cellar lie two gambling rooms where many of the common hazards games are played all night long...Each map is linked within an easy to follow outline story entry, with links to the map in multiple resolutions.Fantasy Grounds Conversion by 0one GamesReleased on February 05, 2010. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 2.9.9 and higher.Requirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"237"	"506160"	"VR Fractals"	2016-07-22	3.99	"Utilities,Video Production,Design & Illustration,VR"	"About This SoftwareVR Fractals is a 3D Fractal Viewer for the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive. To use this you must have one of those headsets.This is an experience similar to Oculus Dreamdeck, so expect about 5-20 minutes of gameplay.Right now there are 8 fractals. A code editor is included which will allow users to create their own fractals/shaders and share them with the community. More fractals might be added in later updates as well.There is a free demo available with one fractal and no editor that should give you a pretty good jist of what to expect."	"Posted: July 28, 2016Much potential here. However, my graphic setting seems to be stuck on \"fastest\" and it's very noticeable low quality even though I have a superclocked TITAN X. I have a Rift CV1 and a monitor that is 3440x1440 which the startup config window is also locked on. I dont know if that combo is a problem. Also, the fractals seem very dim. The brightness needs to be cranked to the point that I must be doing something wrong? The colored balls fractal is the only one one that seems to have acceptable lighting.The black graphics that are used look like black goo or loading problems until i zoom in very close to the fractals. Then I understand what it is. If it was brighter and higher quality graphics (very blocky low res), I might understand better.The main menu looks... wrong. It's beyond the purple fractal, distant, flat and wide and scaled wierd / not easy to reach. There are left and right arrows that seem to be useless (like on a web hero slider). I'm guessing because there are only 8 fractals and these arrows would load more but there is no indication that they shouldnt work, like being greyed out or removed when not needed.Some of these problems may be my setup or something. It feels like early access. I'm confident i'm not seeing this as intended and will figure out how to communicate to support ASAP or hope the dev will respond here and let me know if this is the correct current state of the graphics or where to communicate to fix.,Posted: August 22, 2016This was £1.59 in the UK when I bought this and after 20 minutes floating around and inside the include fractals, I like it.I used to marvel at fractals on my old Amiga so to see them up close in real timeis entertaining. It's nice not having to wait over night to find a black screen render. The Amiga was great but my watch is 1000 times more powerful today!I think I'd like finer controls as sometimes the fractals just expand so quick they engulf you. This triggers my reflex to hold my breath, but I haven't been submerged in a fractal long enough to pass out yet.I haven't tried the code editor yet but I am sure I will find a use for it on youtube when I look. I also hope the developer doesn't abandon the app now it's released.,Posted: September 29, 2016Neat!  I especially liked the cathedral-esque dice one.  Note: you could probably figure out how to make it a standing experience for the vive users.  Maybe trigger while pointing in the desired direction.,Posted: August 20, 2016awfulkb+gamepad input, no touch controller supportonly few fractals to choose fromthe EMERGENCE fractal app is much better,Posted: August 2, 2016This item shows up in the steam vr section as a \"free demo\". However, I couldn't find a way to get it for free. It cost around 1,5 euros. When launching, I couldn't make it reset my view point, so the menu and the focus point in the app is actually behind me facing away from my pc. I had to turn 180 degrees away from my pc to watch it. The quality of the graphics aren't that good to be honest. There is no sound (which isn't that big of a deal since I can always just play my own). I was hoping for a relaxing experience, but instead I got a backtwisting, blocky un-inspiring fractal with no sound that didn't make use of the vive controllers. I would imagine that with a little bit more work from the dev this could be somewhat nice to watch a late evening before bed while laying on the couch listening to some classical music.,Posted: February 4, 2018not recommended , low res graphics , no motion tracker control , very limited contentgood idea but low performance , maybe i expected way to muchshould have tried the demo first , my mistake"
"238"	"840880"	"Scout's Honor"	NA	NA	"Action,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This GameScout’s Honor is a frenetic couch co-op game for friends and the family where up to four players work as a team to set up camp in the wilderness. The Scout’s tents, campfire and food all need to be sourced from the environment and constructed before time runs out and darkness falls. Throw into the mix some hazards from the natural environment, such as ghost attacks and spike traps, and things are sure to get out of hand quickly.Scout’s Honor captures the childlike innocence of adventure and exploration and mixes with frantic and hectic cooperative gameplay. Work as a team and together achieve the highest rank of \"Dreamer\" Scout!Key Features:Be a Scout - From the comfort of your couch, you too can be a Scout. Take control of one of four Scouts including: Quintana, Covington, Saffron & Rascal.Go Camping - Use your scouting skills to place \"blueprints\" and utilise tools from your backpack to construct tents and a campfire to set up your campsite.Teamwork - To build your campsite in time, you will need to work as a team. The more teamwork between Scouts, the quicker the job gets done.Get Dirty - Utilise the natural environment which surrounds you to source the items required to build your campsite.Hazards - The natural environmental is also full of many dangers including ghosts, spikey traps, fire and water.Meet The Scouts:Quintana - Quintana is the Scout Leader at Roaring Pines Scout Camp. She is the eleven year old daughter of high achieving parents. Her mother, a respected surgeon and father, a psychiatrist. As the first born of two girls, Quintana feels a sense of responsibility to protect her little sister. She’s clever and curious and having achieved leadership status in Mensa for Kids, prefers the company of books to frivolous child’s play.Covington - Covington is ten years old and lost his father when he was only five. Coming from a creative family, Covington's father left him with music in his veins. Covington continues to teach himself to play guitar by watching online videos of his favorite bands. He loves excursions and field trips with his fellow Scouts, as he feels a close bond with them and will often serenade them with melodic renditions of his favorite songs.Saffron - Saffron is ten years old and the middle child of seven children. But with her ginger locks and eyes of blue and spirit to match her dazzling appearance she has no trouble standing out amongst the crowd. Living on the expanse of the farm with her six siblings, she is constantly seeking her next adventure and with a freckle to match each of her escapades, she’s unstoppable.Rascal - Rascal is eleven years old and an only child who’s been misunderstood until he was diagnosed with ADHD. His parents had him join the Scouts when he was seven, and as his name suggests he has a tendency to create mischief between his peers. Rascal loves to build and will use any material available to bring his imagination and creations to life. Whether it be sailing through stormy seas on a raft made of driftwood or flying through space with meteorite precision, Rascal leaves those around him in the wake of his creative destruction."	""
"239"	"408090"	"Missing Information"	2011-04-01	NA	"Action,Free to Play,Adventure,Gore,Violent,Simulation,Mod,First-Person,FPS"	"About This GameYou think you know the world of Half-Life 2? Experience content that was deleted or changed in the course of Half-Life 2's development in Missing Information, a single-player Source modification. Not only does this mod restore old models, levels, weapons, and plot elements that did not survive into the final version of Half-Life 2, but our team has remade or recreated content straight from the pages of Valve's own concept art. This mod is not your typical single-player mod, as it is presented as a \"deleted scenes\" collection of self-contained playable chapters and maps.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Throughout the game players will be able to shoot humanoid creatures, and zombie-like creatures."	""
"240"	"892394"	"Wang Yi (Dudou Costume)/王異「肚兜風コスチューム」"	2018-07-19	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentAn additional costume for Wang Yi \"Dudou Costume\" will be available for use.▼How to use:From the title screen, select Gallery - Characters, and then select the character you would like to change costume.From Change Costume, select Regular Costume.Alternatively, proceed to a Hideaway while playing the game, select Change Costume, and then select Regular Costume. Then, select Regular Costume, and then select the character.In either case, you must have progressed the game to a point in which the character can be selected as a character."	"Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added informal clothes that can be used in battle.Made improvements to castle sieges.Added a new ordeal \"Castle Siege\".Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Hi, did I understand correctly, there are no weddings in the game and similar elements like in the 8th Empire? ,According to the latest update, this was made possible. However it doesn't work for me.Has anyone figured out how to do it?,Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added \"Companion Animals\", and \"Guardian\".Added a bodyguard system.Added new modes \"Rampage\" to the arena.Added animals to the gallery.Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Posted: April 27It is good that Koei now sell this game partly (officer by officer), as most of us would not finish all the officers' stories. So for the gamers who were driven off by the bad reviews of this game, you may reconsider and give this game a shot.,Posted: April 29Not exactly sure how you expect people to play this game. Why is there no setup or game to play ? \"Push any Button\" Is what I am told and the only option that there is to chose is 'Exit Game'. 0.2 / 10 - You get the .2 because of the intro. There is no game to play here. Go play Black Desert Online Until these Developers get there act together. ,Newest changes are always at the top of this post.Update information 01.25 (04/24/2019)APR 23 @ 11:11PM-Catapults adjusted to deal big damage on siege weapons & camps-Gate durability gauges to be shown on UI-Ally soldiers help attacking gates if th...,- Corrected a number of minor issues.,PigeonTigerBlue TigerWhite TigerBearBlack BearWolfBlack WolfDeerFlame TigerWhite wolf and bearGolden tigerGrey bear Silver wolfPig, cat, dog, pandaThe elite wolf boss too.,  Official Website (JP)   EN website  Costumes (Feb-Apr) •[url=https://twitter.com/s_sangokum...,Posted: April 27Koei remade dynasty warriors from the ground up, and it's freaking awesome. at the moment my only complaint is the very obvious downgrade in voice actor quality for the english edition, but that's easily forgivable compared to the absolute scale of the game they offer you. I'm 8 hours in and mostly ignoring side content and I've only reached chapter 3."
"241"	"256532"	"Class 31 Regional Railways Add-on Livery"	2009-01-01	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This Content*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab.  You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.  If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.The classic Class 31 diesel locomotive was a versatile workhorse of the British railway network, and now this Brush Type 2 is available for Train Simulator in Regional Railways livery. British Railways’ ‘Pilot Scheme’ to replace steam traction saw 20 Type 2 diesel locomotives built by Brush Traction in 1957. These development locomotives were fitted with Mirrlees engines and had a top speed of 80mph, designed for mixed traffic workings on the Eastern Region. Midway through production, BR decided to extend the fleet, ordering a further 243 locomotives that entered service by the end of 1962. The main production locomotives were adapted slightly from their predecessors and underwent a programme of re-engineering in 1964 to replace the unreliable Mirrlees engines with higher rated, more powerful English Electric engines. The Class also made its way into other regions of the railway network, becoming a popular sight on both the Western and London Midland regions. You must own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on before you will be able to use this add-on"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"242"	"528160"	"Solstice Chronicles: MIA"	2017-07-26	19.99	"Action,Indie,RPG,Top-Down Shooter,Twin Stick Shooter,Co-op,Sci-fi,Aliens,Space,Horror,Zombies,Action RPG,Strategy,Strategy RPG,Local Co-Op,Shooter"	"Reviews80/100 – GameCritics9/10 – Esports Edition81/100 – CogConnected,About This GameDescriptionSolstice Chronicles: MIA is a top down shooter in which players control the difficulty by managing their threat level through special skills.THIS GAME DOES NOT HAVE ONLINE MULTIPLAYERStoryIn a dead colony, a corporate marine is left far behind enemy lines. With an unlikely help of an insurgent drone, he faces the battle for survival against an army of murderous, mindless mutants... and worse things.Features Master fluid twin-stick combat to blast through waves of mutants on Mars. Use your drone's abilities tactically, weighing the risk and reward of decisions that drastically change the threat you face. Decide between scavenging for supplies and upgrades in the face of the oncoming menace, or pushing forward, potentially unprepared for the enemies still to come. Decimate the mutant onslaught with upgradeable weaponry, including shotguns, rocket launchers, and more, as well as special Heavy weapons, like the autocannon and flamethrower, which will obliterate everything in their path. Develop your own skill tree from across four classes--Assault, Demolition, Hellfire, and Terminator--to become the ultimate instrument of destruction.Universe - The Red SolsticeThe Earth was overrun by STROL virus. What little was left of man kind colonized Mars, and established a society ruled by powerful corporations. But Mars isn't welcoming, and a violent storm threatens to tear the colonies apart. In a race against time, both the corporation and insurgents will stop at nothing to find the cure and reclaim the Earth. As the virus inevitably spreads through Tharsis colony, the players must fight the mutants, the storm and the odds to find the cure before it's too late.Developer NoteWe from Ironward want to take a different approach to twin-stick shooters. We learned that tactics can be great in our first game The Red Solstice, and we're trying to add a bit of that tactic into Solstice Chronicles: MIA, we feel that if players prepare themselves, the reward will be much more satisfying.Solstice Chronicles: MIA is the second Fig funded game to be released. Its crowd funding campaign succeeded with 103% of its goal and was supported by 512 backers. Supporters of the game could both pledge and invest during the Fig campaign.Compatible Eye Tracking Devices: Tobii Eye Tracker 4C, Alienware 17 Notebook, Acer Predator Notebook 21 X, MSI GT72 Notebook, Acer Predator Monitors Z301CT, Z271T, XB271HUT"	"Posted: December 13, 2017I'm pretty dissapointed.The RPG elements are very shallow.4 classes each with 3 skill treets. But I think 2 of the 3 are identical for every class.No stats. Itemization is very very shallow.At least half of the weapons were either not fun or not good.I felt like I had very little incentive to kill enemies. They very rarely drop items, and each level will spawn an infinite number of enemies; So there is almost no incentive to kill them unless not doing so would result in my death.There is no incentive to explore without anything interesting to find.The flying drones abilities are very difficult to get used to. This one is probably just me but ended up trying to avoid that aspect of the game altogether unless I couldnt avoid it.Each level is basically just a race to the end. No significant objectives, rarely any bosses that need killing.,Posted: July 28, 2017I'll start out with the cons, so you are left with the good at the end and don't feel like this game is really bad, because it's not. It is a really fun game after you play it for about 3 hours.Cons:-Controls are a little clunky and take a bit to get used to.-You can die by your own nades and proximity mines-Sometimes the continuous enemy spawns can get annoying-Ammo runs out quick if you don't use it sparingly. (I suggest leveling up your melee and using it for lower level enemies so you save your ammo for larger, more difficult enemies)-No multiplayer Co-op. (At least, I don't see any options for this as of now)In the middle:-Linear progression-Guns are just right as far as power, but you can only carry two at a time.Pros:-Story mode is good and wholesome fun. Characters are intriguing and you have your own personal flying robot by your side at all times. What's not to love about that?-Need a little strategy with how to use your main skills as it will determine what the enemy threat level is, so I suggest using your scout at the beginning of each round and then taunting after you have full ammo.-Skill tree is legit and easy to understand.-Bosses can be a bit overwhelming and difficult first time around until you find their weaknesses. Rewarding when you defeat them.-Graphics are decent and gameplay is fluid.-Multiple characters to pick from-4 different levels of difficulty-Option for Story or Survival Mode (Haven't played Survival Mode yet),Posted: May 13, 2018Was looking for an alternative to Helldivers and didn't pay attention that no online coop was present. Nevertheless, SC: MIA is a really good twinstick shooter. The story is simple but the small cutscenes are funny and well realized.The amount of weapon and abilites is great and can prepare different strategies and way to play it.The survival on the other end, is for now some kind of buggy if you're not following the order in the right way, but so far quite good, even with the lack of ammo available, you have to handle your abilities properly.I'll play again, have to try the other classes and then wait for SC: Survivors with online coop ...The devs are still active and available via their Discord servers, which is also pretty cool.,Posted: August 5, 2017Compelling overhead twin-stick shooter with multiple classes, satisfying firearms, a deep and varied skills tree, and a versatile drone buddy with its own helpful abilities and skills. On the graphics side, dynamic animations, lots of bloody alien monster gore, explosions and flames. I know lots of twin-stick fans see no online co-op in this, and then dismiss Solstice Chronicles: MIA out of hand -- just imho, I think you're missing out on something special that's trying some truly unique things in the category. :)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102546000Campaign missionsWhile the single player campaign isn't Shakespeare,  missions are connected by interesting cutscenes with fairly decent voiceover work. My favorite mission has to be that one that takes place on a moving train, but there are also several memorable boss enemies.Survival modeSurvival mode drops you in a large, open map with multiple objectives. While the single player maps largely use hallways, tunnels, nooks and crannies, the Survial map's openness means you need to stay on the run and always be trying to avoid getting swarmed over. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1100926005When a timer runs down, you get an opportunity to evacuate ('use' key to get a blue path to that point) or if you stick around, the evac aircraft drops in supplies to help you. You only earn skills tree points in Survival if you successfully evac.Controls, gameplay mechanicsI've enjoyed the game very much on keyboard/mouse. All keys are rebindable. The crosshair is always \"on screen,\" turning from white to red when you're firing. If you enjoyed Helldivers on kb/mouse, what I've found is that holding RMB down lets me aim precisely and keep pointed in certain directions as I do in Helldivers. Colorful lines denote the firing cone radius of each weapon, and there's a skill available to narrow that radius, if you prefer.ClassesSolstice Chronicles: MIA's four classes include:Assault: Pure firearms (increased damage with all weapons), explosive weapons (missiles, rockets) and blade (melee) expert. Hellfire: Durable tank-class with a permanently bound, unique flamethrower rifle as secondary weapon, and has early access to a high-damage shotgun. Fun  fire-focused skills such as napalm grenade, overheat (generates 'damage over time' flame aura) and flame turret.  Demolitionist: Proficient with skills and able to assign native class skills to all three skill hotkey slots.  Terminator: Specializes in self-destruct and  teleportion technology that utilize crowd control. Strongest class skills, but suit integrity decreases with use.I've enjoyed trying the different classes, and different available skills. We're pushing for a true 'respect' system, but it is at the least fun to try different builds, and I think this in itself helps give the game some replayability value.I've enjoyed using all the firearms, which include a pistol, shotguns, assault rifle, energy rifle, submachine gun, light machine gun.All classes can also pick up \"Brutal\" weapons in-game. These are high damage, temporary weapons that only last as long as the ammo they have, and so can't be reloaded. An available passive skill increases the amount of ammo a Brutal weapon has. Examples include the spinning minigun and the autocannon.Threat MeterOne of the unique features of the game is the threat meter. This results in a game  where the pacing can often ebb and flow throughout the course of a mission or a Survival mode session. You have to keep an eye on how the enemy spawns respond to your effectiveness, and also the impacts of the Drone using its Taunt mode, or its bombs.Also using certain skills may trigger introduction of certain tougher enemies, so really the game is often quite unpredictable from one session to the next.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1101280696DroneThe drone buddy takes a while to get the hang of using, but is such a lifesaver at times, and its four tactical skill-set has its own skills upgrade tree. The drone tactical skills include:Scout - find ammo, special ammo, equipment buff items, brutal weapons etc. in the moderate distance around you, and drop them in a designated, circular area around you.Bomb - detonates an initial 9,000 damage energy bomb with a circular radius that decays in damage as it grows. You click once to trigger, and then when the radius is where you want it, you click again to detonate. A narrow green band indicates a safe area you need to stand in to avoid getting blown up. :) This is a lifesaver against larger alien swarms, but the timing can be very tricky.Block -- growing force field that pushes small and medium enemies out towards the borders of a growing energy radius, and slows down larger enemis.Taunt -- Taunts all enemies in the vicinity, continously reducing the threat level; but causes more powerful creatures to arrive. Looking to the FutureLIke anyone, i think online co-op -- perhaps at least two-player in Survival mode -- would add a lot to it, but the Fig crowdfunding  fell well short of the stretch goal that would have ensured that feature's addition. What's there now is still plenty fun, and local co-op is supported. I'm having a blast so far, and I don't feel like online co-op's absence is a dealbreaker.imho what the game needs now is more -- more single player mission maps, more Survival maps, maybe some sort of procedurally generated levels mode that could add more long-term replayability.The drone abilities, and some of the class skills add a lot of unique flavor and tactics to the game, and I think any twin-stick  shooter fan should at least give Solstice Chronicles: MIA a try; or at least wishlist it and wait for a sale. :) I may be biased or naive because this is the first game I ever backed on the Fig crowd funding site -- I want it to succeed. It's a little rough around the edges, but the devs communicate frequently at forums, it's gotten updated a few times since release already. I think it'll get even more fun over time. :),Posted: June 22, 2018Welcome Grunt! Mars Colonies is Under Strol Attack!Solstice Chronicles: MIA have a Great Graphics effect, Telling a Story about Lone Wolf marine with Saffron drone, Working Together to Stay alive and Survive on mars against the Strol infection.This game much easier from the first one (previous) game of ironward (The Red Solstice).We have Nice amount of enemies to kill, 5 Difficulty levels (Options): Recruit, Soldier, Veteran, Atriden, M.E.R.C.S.4 Marine Class to select and play with (each class has is own skills to use in-game): Demolition, Terminator, Assault and Hellfire.Cool Singleplayer Campaign to Survive + A Survival Game Mode with Objectives to do (4 Maps so far) and Evac as Panic Button (V.A.L.K Train and Ship Transport To the Rescue) :pThere is Only Local-Coop -=(*NOT* Online-Coop)=- We can play by the same PC Monitor (1 friend sit near other) and with PC controls (Keyboard + Mouse and a Controller from PlayStation\Xbox connected to the PC).-> In addition, The Bosses with achievements are Achlys, Holt, Ker and Charon.We also Have Some Scary and Lovely The Red Solstice Monsters like Typhoon, Hellspawn, Fluffy and more.Recommended play on Soldier (normal), you always can change back to Recruit (easy) difficulty and go on. To get Weapons Upgrades and level up your Marine Class and Drone Skills Abilities need to shot and kill monsters (save and spray ammo, the only way to be sure ^^).Mars is a Beautiful place of greatful life forms like Earth xDEnjoy and Have Fun Marines! Show no mercy! They on your tail and in front of you!Don't Forget to use S.H.I.V.A, This will get your day much better :D,Posted: October 5, 2017Product received for freeIntroductionEven if it is only remotely considered a sequel to The Red Solstice, today I’m reviewing Solstice Chronicles: MIA, a game that can stand on its own and can be enjoyed by veterans and new players of the series alike. It’s the second Steam project for developer Ironward, but they decided to drop the squad-based shooting (Co-Op or AI assisted) in favor of either a two-player formula or lone wolf and drone assistance. Along with new maps and foes, Solstice Chronicles: MIA also expands the leveling system from its predecessor.Story The game defines irony quite well. Humanity fled Earth after it was compromised by the STROL virus and the mutants it created. Mars, the eternal Red Planet and eventually a colony in real life (not that we’ll live long enough to see it) seems like the logical choice for a Sci-Fi setting that is as close to a hellscape as it can ever get. The fourth planet from the Sun was also overrun by STROL-infused monsters which made short work of both the colonists and the security detail. Players assume the role of a lone survivor, a grunt whose name is never revealed and he’s being refered to as “Marine”. Not even a Joe or Bob, Ironward? I’ll call him Billy, then. MIA is the acronym for \"missing in action\". A step above KIA, but only because of uncertainty.At least we’re told of our Marine’s employer. The Elysium Mining Corporation may not be the unseen evil in this title, so they’re not comparable to Umbrella, Tyrell or Weyland-Yutani. They certainly don’t try to “harness” or better said, weaponize the monsters for some devious purpose, but can still be accused of minimizing the threat or not providing the marines with enough firepower to have a fighting chance. It was a turkey shoot and once the chocolate cake has hit the fan, you can expect no reinforcements either. Marine Dude has to evacuate his hind from the accursed planet and he’ll have to do it on his own. Or almost, since he quickly finds himself in the company of a mysteriously chatty drone that calls herself “Saffron” (yes, she has a female voice).So at least Solstice Chronicles: MIA knows how to sprinkle some comic relief over the otherwise prevalent survival horror subplots and themes. It isn’t even an escort mission since Saffron can assist the Marine in more ways than one. I shall focus on her skills in the gameplay section and for now I will summarize the 22 levels within the game, while avoiding spoilers. Marine flees for his life but the plot obviously thickens as he discovers that the colony's demise has been deliberate. An inside job, a resistance movement which reminded me of the Red Faction series (it’s on Mars, right?) and the increasingly numerous swarms of mutants, are just some of the obstacles between one hapless but glorified bodyguard and his shuttle towards home. Wherever that might be, since Earth is no longer a valid destination.GraphicsI know the drill. Unreal Engine 4 and 4K resolution@60fps aren’t getting along very well. I went for 2K but even then I had several instances in which the frame rate would drop close to 30fps. Fortunately, it didn’t happen during the majority of the gameplay. By the time you get zerg rushed by dozens of foes at the same time, you’re chances of survival are slim already. On the upside, UE4 does provide adequate eye candy if the dev team was skilled enough. Ironward confirmed this unwritten rule. The levels may seem like few but they are filled to the brim with details and asset reuse or not, they are never positioned in a similar manner as to provoke a déjà vu. Particle and lighting effects, excellent shooting animations and a convincing (albeit fictional) flamethrower trajectory, it all feels and looks like a quality game. I played my fair share of twin stick shooters over the years but Solstice Chronicles: MIA is definitely one of the prettier titles within the genre. It even features cinematics rendered with the in-game engine, instead of FMVs (pre-recorded animations).AudioSurprisingly, there’s little to complain about the sounds as well. Voice acting was fine, if nothing special. But at least  they didn’t hire actors who phoned in their dialogue. Yeah, I know that drone looks like the infamous “Dinklebot” from Destiny, but I assure you that Saffron is far more enthusiastic in her line delivery. Soundtrack never bothered me and the sound effects were on par with the rest of the audio assets.GameplaySeveral key elements separate Solstice Chronicles: MIA from its competitors on Steam. Apart from the good looks, the gameplay really shines through the use of that drone in conjunction with a single marine controlled by the player or a two-man team in Co-Op. A Threat Level gauge indicates at all times, an accurate estimation of both the scale and sheer power of the mutant swarm trying to chew your face off at that specific moment and location. Threat Level elevates itself as you slay more and more approaching foes but it can also be lowered by scripted events or Saffron’s direct intervention since her Taunt skill is used precisely for this reason. Her other abilities (Scout, Block, Bomb) are just as useful in the long run. Just don’t forget that you aren't fighting this “uphill battle” alone and that the AI doesn’t get between you and your marks nor does it require babysitting, since the mutants prefer Marine flesh over a chunk of metal and circuit boards.Our not-so-silent protagonist has a deadly skillset of his own, but it is more dependent on player choice. Character classes are represented by Assault, Demolition, Hellfire and Terminator. The first two are rather self-explanatory and too “vanilla” for my tastes so I went with Hellfire since Terminator is a bonus class unlocked after you’ve completed the 22nd level on the Normal (“Soldier\")  difficulty. If it isn’t obvious already, Hellfire is the “Flamethrower Guy”. The weapons are well diversified in comparison to enemy variety or methods of dispatching them. The class I chose had the second weapon slot locked to the Salamander P20 Flamer and that also happens to be my favorite weapon in the game. Mutant BBQ from a seemingly endless ammo supply, as the flamethrower is reliant on the Marine’s stamina. Weird choice but fortunately most stats can be upgraded in the game’s RPG-like leveling system. Skill points get distributed between missions.I mentioned that the tactics seem rather limited and the shooting mechanics within Solstice Chronicles: MIA gets repetitive when you know that the foes follow a liniar pattern. A beeline towards the protagonist. No ambushing, flanking and the vast majority of mutants don’t have a ranged attack option of their own. So they just try to close in on our armed-to-the-teeth Marine by mindlessly charging in hope that numbers alone will suffice. It gets old eventually and the boss fights are few and far in-between. You’ll be tossing flares almost as frequently as grenades, since most levels are too dark and you’ll be hearing the swarms sooner than spotting them. It adds to the horror element so I can’t complain. A desolated colony shouldn’t light up like a Christmas tree after all. The environments vary from collapsed highways to sewers and laboratories. They all have in common the green STROL infested areas that also double as mutant spawning locations.VerdictAs with other titles from the genre, the more you use a specific weapon, the bigger bonuses you get in regards to damage or reload speed. And you’ll have quite an arsenal to choose from, so at least the firearms don’t disappoint as much as the mutants themselves. Overall, Solstice Chronicles: MIA is a worthy sequel and a step in the right direction for the developer. Perhaps Solstice will become a trilogy since it’s already a series  which proves that even twin stick shooters can move with the times.Rating is below in the Comment Section.,Posted: July 26, 2017Game runs and plays like a dream. Lovely explosions, a variety of enemies to murder, gore, etc. It just feels like what i'd hoped red solstice could have been, but without as much tactical stuff (I preferred the tactical stuff but no gamepad support kills it for me, best to use pinnacle as xpadder doesn't allow for switching button maps) Pros: Lovely story/ environments, crazy things. Fun dialog, but most importantly you shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥till it dies (or most likely you die)COUCH COOP! Love it. Online could happen but we have shared screen with lots of profiles.Cons:EDITDevs have been working like hell to make this game worth playing, and it's becoming amazing. If you like the top down shooters, some RPG elements, and devs that care, buy this now. GREAT couch coop, becoming better than helldivers.,Posted: July 26, 2017After more than 10 hours in, I think I can recommend this little gem. Sure, it's a bit rough on some corners, but it's an indie title and costs like an indie title. In my opinion it's well worth the money, and the Portal drone is totally cute. :DYou have story and survival modes, both are fun and there is a lot of potential for further development of the game. If it sells nicely, we could probably get co-op mode, right? Right Ironward? :-),Posted: December 3, 2017I'm always on the lookout for a game I can comfortably play on my Steam Link with a friend, and I thought Solstice Chronicles would make a nice addition to my library. After two hours of playing, however, I've requested a refund (even though I got it for 30% off).While the game is not terrible, it's also not exactly FUN. Instead, it's kind of bland, with some seriously frustrating moments.While there's a wide range of guns available for use, they offer players little to no satisfaction to shoot. The sounds they make when firing are just so ... meh that I had to check my sound setting to be certain they really were that bad. And if that wasn't bad enough, the levels are restricted to running around, picking up ammo where you can, and holding out while a door opens painfully slowly, and enemies gank you by the hundreds. Rinse and repeat. Overall I would give this game a sort of neutral rating, however playing it felt like a chore, and so I don't think I can endorse it. Helldivers is just much more fun for a similar price (on sale).,Posted: July 26, 2017Product received for freeGreat Couch Coop-game with satisfying gameplay and unique mechanics.The good: Four different classes each with its own mechanics, that require different tactics to win Great weapons to fit your playstyle for example: Gauss Assault Rifle, Shotguns, SMG, LMG, flamers, an Autocannon, Minigun... Entertaining story and cool setting Funny companion  You can decide yourself what kind of enemies you want to face in survival mode by using your drone skills. Taunting will reduce the number of spawns after you faced an ambush but increases the quality and this means bosses! Drone as a support that will offer you new tactical descisions Boss mechanics that require more than just gun down action Nice graphics (especially the flames and explosions!)The neutral:Some mechanics need to be explained better but Devs are working on it. You might check this guide if you need some help. Hard difficulty. I love it but some maybe won't. If you die in MP you won't get XP or new weapons. For me that's part of the solstice feeling and there is little that is more satisfying when you manage to evacuate right at the moment Ker break out of the surface near you, trying to rip of your last HP.The bad: Obviously the lack of an online coop function. To bad the stretchgoal failed during the crowdfunding. However Devs are still planning to implement it after release. So let's cross our fingers and hope for the best!I had a lot of fun playing the solo campaign as I had with my friends on the sofa. These moments when you all fail together (wrongly thrown grenades or bad positioning) or kill the last boss with a glance of glory and finally menage to evacuate victorious won't be forgotten for a long time."
"243"	"236470"	"PAC-MAN MUSEUM™"	2014-02-26	1.24	"Arcade,Classic,Retro,Action,Local Multiplayer,Singleplayer,Masterpiece"	"About This GamePAC-MAN stars in a nostalgia-packed collection of the greatest PAC-MAN games of all time. PAC-MAN MUSEUM will include classic PAC-MAN titles as well as newer releases, allowing gamers to play through the evolution of PAC-MAN from his humble beginnings from 1980 through current hits like PAC-MAN Championship Edition and PAC-MAN Battle Royale.KeyFeaturesClassic PAC-MAN Games – Includes hits such as PAC-MAN, SUPER PAC-MAN, PAC-LAND, PAC-MAN Battle Royale, PAC-MAN Championship Edition, and morePAC-MAN Navigation System – Assists players by helping them find the best routes through mazesStage Save Function – Allows you to save your progress between stagesMultiplayer PAC-MAN – For the first time, PAC-MAN Battle Royale brings the 4-player arcade hit homeOnline FeaturesWorldwide Leaderboards – Challenge the best players in the world on your favorite PAC-MAN games"	"Posted: December 2, 2014This was another case for me of buying a game regardless of the mostly negative reviews to judge it for myself, and it's times like this that makes me wish Steam had a \"Mixed\" option for writing reviews. While I like this collection it also has a load of issues that need addressing. First let me start by saying that I love retro games, arcade classics such as Pac-Man, Q*Bert, Galaga, Dig-Dug etc. so this looked like a must-have for me, it's enjoyable but let's just say that I'm very, very glad I bought it while it was on sale (£5 as opposed to the original £15).What you see is what you get, a collection of Pac-Man arcade classics varying from the original to some obscure games I've never heard of, a nice wide selection giving you some variety for your money. Each game plays as intended and great when you've got some time to kill just like in the old days, the collection is as follows:- Pac-Man (Original)- Pacmania- Super Pac-man- Pac-Attack- Pac & Pal- Pac-Land- Pac-Man Arrangement- Pac-Man Battle Royale- Pac-Man Championship Edition- Ms Pac-Man (Sold as DLC for some reason)Now, everything does indeed play as intended and for the most part works fine, but there are some annoying problems with this game that really grind on peoples nerves, aside from the fact that this \"museum collection\" is missing quite a few other Pac-Man titles such as Pac-Man Plus. The main issue here is that the default keyboard controls for the most of the menus and title screens are absurd and the game does not give you any option to change them, which is both strange and really frustrating. On the note of options, the main game has no option menu at all, so you are stuck with the default resolution, while this doesn't bother me, I understand that a lot of you will find this annoying...While not necessarily a gameplay issue, the \"museum\" feature itself is rather pointless and tedious, it is merely aesthetic and serves no real purpose. In order to fill the museum, you must earn stamps by achieving some set goals, some of which are really hard to accomplish such as the 500,000 point stamps on some games. This ultimately feels really grindy and dull very quickly and makes life difficult if you care for getting the achievements provided, unfortunatley I do. :PSo the collection is not without it's flaws, some games such as Pac-Man Battle Royale could be played to their full potential by adding online multiplayer support, unfortunately it is limited to local multiplayer which is too bad. If you're a fan of arcade classics and this happens to be on sale, by all means, buy it. It delivers what it promises on the arcade calssics front, just be warned that the lack of options, key-binding and grinding features make this game much more tedious than it should be. I don't consider this to have been a bad purchase so I do recommend it, but not for it's full price, not at all! Make sure you get it when it's cheap, especially if you plan to buy the Ms Pac-Man DLC too.If you are not interested in retro Pac-Man and would like something more modern and fast-paced, pick up Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+ instead of this, it's better than the version provided with this game. Can't believe I wrote this much information about a Pac-Man game... Wakka...,Posted: May 17, 2015As a lifetime Pacman fanatic of 30+ years, I'm disappointed with Pac-Man Museum. My issue is not with the games themselves, but the fact I played them several decades ago and they were basically better on all fronts compared to this version's collection.First, the good part. This 'museum' contains a lot of the really obscure Pacman titles that were hard to find in the arcades and laundromats back in the 80's. It's a trip down nostalgia lane in that sense. And for those who haven't played those games, you may find it interesting to see what strange variations the Pacman franchise took over the years. With that out of the way, there's not much this title gets right, performance-wise. The resolution on most of the games is not full screen, but a squashed blurry window that you can't adjust. Why couldn't they update that for computers if they're going to sell these games on a new platform? The controls also kind of, well, suck. I wouldn't say this had I not actually played these games on a native arcade cabinet, but these things are not optimized well for keyboards. Pacman is a game of fast responses. If the game refuses to acknowledge inputs at random times, what's the point even? I noticed this kept happening, regardless of which Pacman title I played. That's flat out unacceptable. If I knew these problems existed and that they had no interest in fixing them, I never would have bought this; on sale or otherwise.There are also achievements to be had- these translate into the museum section animations, which really are just there to promote Pacman's current cartoon with the characters from the show. That's fine, I guess, but these don't talk about the history of Pacman in any sense of the word and if you don't watch the show, they're largely meaningless repeating animations. The included texts from clicking on them doesn't even say much. So, how is this a museum or an effective advertising piece for the cartoon?This is simply a lazy quick cash grab title with a small bit of appeal for the obscure games crudely transferred to the PC format. Worse off, Ms Pacman is NOT INCLUDED. You have to pay $5 more for that one title. Wtf?? This game will also remind you EVERY SINGLE TIME that the DLC is available for purchase when you log in to play. Watch how fast that gets old. There's not even steam cards or any visible sign they're paying attention to the forums. That's unacceptable for a large company like Namco. As a Pacman fan, I recommend you stay away unless you've got some change burning a hole in your pocket. And even then, get yourself a sandwich. You'll enjoy it more.,Posted: September 22, 2014It's an over-priced, bare bones collection of Pac-Man variants with a dull, grindy gamesroom customization element.Ms. Pac-Man was even cut and sold as DLC. Cheers Namco.Go with Championship Edition DX+ over this.,Posted: July 25, 2014This has Pac Man, Super Pac Man, Pac Attack, Pac Land, and another Pac game or 2. Ms. Pac Man costs extra.Its barebones emulation, with few options. I wish the speedup versions were available for Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man.I got it for 75% off and it was worth paying that much to me.Its a good time waster and fun in short bursts.,Posted: July 20, 2014Several classic Pac-Man titles in one collection, eight stamps to unlock in every game, unlimited continues and other little additions, as well as online leaderboards for each game. However, please be aware that Pac-Man Museum does NOT include the good Pac-Man Arrangement game, and that Ms. Pac-Man is DLC for some reason.,Posted: June 21, 2017I'm a die hard Namco fan but this package isn't very good. Forced screen resolutions, semi random slowdown that isn't present on regular emulation (at least on my PC), and forcing late adopters to pay for Ms. Pac-Man are all big issues. Don't buy it full price if you are super hype to play the arcade games, stick to another Namco collection or emulation. If it's on sale, Battle Royale, OG Champion Edition and Arrangement are pretty good to go for though, even if the Arrangement game included in this collection pales in comparison to the original one featured in older Namco Museum games.PS: People in the reviews have complained about an issue with Super Pac-Man where ghosts freeze in place for a second or two, but that doesn't seem to be an emulation issue. Every version of the game I have ever played seems to have that happen, even the arcade version.,Posted: February 26, 2014Terrible collection, just a bunch of emulated roms tossed out there with no extras and no effort. No video options, so the games are stuck playing in tiny windows at their original resolution, making it legitimately difficult to play on a large screen. This even goes for the Battle Royale arcade game; the version on here is exactly the same as the arcade, which means low resolution and local multiplayer only. Also noticed substantial input lag on the older arcade games when using a 360 stick. A pathetic collection, not remotely worth the asking price, and legitimately sad that Namco/Bandai/Whoever cares so little for the treatment of their classics. Absolutely do not buy.If you want a good classic collection, look at M2's stuff or even the old Namco Museums on PS1.,Posted: December 21, 2014First off, please don't judge based on my Yes/No answer, as there is no \"Mixed\" option for me to choose (Valve, please consider). That being said, whether to buy Pac-Man Museum is your choice. For the full price, not so much ($25 for game + DLC is basically too much), as I had waited for 75% to roll around for the holiday sale. In the case of Steam (or anniversary sales), get it ASAP.A somewhat ok game overall; a few problems here and there (most especially on Battle Royale -- no online multiplayer), and not really into Ghostly Adventures. If you're looking for the original Championship Edition, it's in there. Otherwise a nice collection of games to choose from. (I have been getting a bit of delay on controls, but I may not have made the correct settings on the graphics card for this game yet.)Big con -- this game has the PSP Arrangement and not the Arcade Arrangement.I'd recommend CE DX+ way more than this, but this is still a decent choice during the sale, because I wouldn't pay $20 for little features. (Man, I wish Namco would give this game a hand, along with the other whose leaderboards are broken.),Posted: April 10, 2014Having a lot of fun with this. A good collection of a bunch of classic Pac-Man titles. My only complaint is that the arcade Pac-Man Arrangement isn't included as well. Overall, a good set of games.,Posted: February 25, 2014So far this game blows. You cannot change the resolution, the Battle Royale that I have been waiting for looks like a terrible port from the arcade, and the game is boxed into a window on the screen. I should have just saved the money to play it in the arcade. Fix the resolution and graphics, add in online multiplayer and it would be worth the price. I wish I never bought this.Championship Edition is fun and plays ok, but still no graphics options. I can play that game on my phone, so whats the point of this package.Stay away."
"244"	"379578"	"FSX: Steam Edition - Wittman Tailwind Add-On"	2016-04-05	12.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentDesigned by air racer Steven Wittman, the Tailwind is an amateur-built two-seat aircraft first built in the 1950s. Combining relatively low build costs with exciting 200-mph performance, the Tailwind proved a success and more than 350 examples have been built. Different versions of the basic design offer different engine specs and performance, as well as either tail-dragger or tricycle-type undercarriages.  The Wittman Tailwind for FSX: Steam Edition, developed by Lionheart Creations, includes both the W8 (tail-dragger) and W10 (tail-dragger and tri-gear) series model variants. The two W series aircraft both fly slightly differently, with the W-10 having a higher-performance engine than the W-8.  The W-10 will cruise at 180 MPH and will max out at 200 MPH, whereas the W-8 cruises at 140 to 160 MPH and maxes out at 180 MPH. Instrument panels also differ between the two models.Features:Custom high detail instrumentationNew Avionics featuring an MX12 NAV-COM, transponder, and autopilot in the W-10Full night lighting with soft glow gauge instrumentation for night flights 'without' the dome light needing to be switched onEight different paint schemes with several versions of interiorsOne aircraft called 'Retro' features an early 1960's paint scheme and wood panel interior Fully animated control surfaces and various controls Front diagonal cross brace bars in front of pilot are hide-able with a switch for ease of flying in VC modeFeatures high detail 2D panels by Bill LeamingOptional Wide Screen Panels can be linked to Registry blocks in the aircraft config file for wide screen usersIce box in rear cargo shelf opens and features animated bottled water and sandwichCustom sounds throughout the aircraftHide-able top sun cover for the W-8, which features a fully transparent roofHide-able front instrument panel cover made of an old air chart mapBasic cargo displays outside of plane when engine stops runningCustom sound packageCustom flight model (aircraft config files) that feature a unique feel for the aircraftChecklist in popup view, does not use Kneeboard Optional Wide Screen 2D panels for users with wide screen monitorsCustom exterior 3D high realism lighting effects"	"I was flying my B29 bomber the other day, and when I lowered my throttle, the RPM stayed the same on the gauges, but you could hear and see the engines slowing down. There was a lever that I moved which lowers RPM according to the manual, and the RPM drop...,I want to play the DLC Cargo Hauler 2, but I don't need to focus so much on the flight sim aspect of the game, with all the switches and other details that go into keeping a plane in the sky.  Is it possible to play FSX, through a adjustment in immersion ...,Once again for the 6th time trying to reload fsx on steam but refuses to load , screen comes on for a few seconds and dissapear's, checked all other old files and deleted , is there a way i can permanently delete, not showing anymore and if i have to re p...,I got 2 screens, one for game and another one for obs.Once i go fullscreen, I get on my game screen the game but my other screen (obs)turns black. Any ideas how to fix it.,Posted: May 4Very old backend. Easily runs out of memory and crashes during long flights, quicker if you have lots of custom scenery installed. If you want a good simulation experience get Prepar3d. It's essentially the MSFS:X engine with the code updated for modern hardware. Runs much better. However it's not on Steam and it's more expensive.,Posted: May 3This game is a total rip off![short version of this review]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME![long version of this review]If you want to play this game with your friends you HAVE to play on public servers.We already tried to play via Steam and LAN which both didnt work...even with sensitive router settings changed and time wasted with the Dovetail support.And if you play on public servers this game does not work perfectly:~ broken or missing switches in default airplanes~ routes only appearing for one player in the airplane~ crazy autopilot trying to ascend to 100000 feet in about 3 seconds~ and so much moreI do not complain about graphics or anything, but charging 25€ for an unmaintained, buggy, 13 years old game is fraud,so I got the Night Environment: Alps add-on from steambut I don't see any changes to my graphics, is it the Alps part of it? because I don't know what that stands for or meanscould some one please tell me, cause it didn't say anything about it being in ...,Posted: May 1I recommend not getting it, it keeps on crashing while flight. Its the most unstable thing I have installed onto my pc. If anyone knows why, please let me know."
"245"	"1030100"	"Supreme Courtship"	NA	NA	"Indie,Adventure,Casual"	"About This GameCourt is Now in Session!All rise! The Supreme Court is now in session. This term brings a fresh face: you!Supreme Courtship is a comedic visual novel adventure game, where you learn about the people and proceedings of our nation's highest Court. In Supreme Courtship, you’ll be able to:Join a bench with young, stylish versions of your favorite Justices - Justice Ginsburg, Chief Justice Roberts, and more!Master the powers of the third branch of government!Experience the world’s first Judicial Friendship SimulatorWin friends and influence people (to your side of an argument) and unlock custom side stories and endings!Learn the ins-and-outs of the most important Supreme Court cases in recent historyUncover a thrilling political mystery that may put our very Democracy at riskBE the change you want to see in the world!With so much to learn, you'll need to rely on your sharp-witted colleagues to get you up to speed!The BenchWith nine Supreme Court seats, there's a lot of legal talent on the bench! As the newly appointed ninth member, you’ll meet younger, stylish versions of the other eight real-life Supreme Court Justices. These Justices may look different, but they’re still true to their original counterparts, having the same personality and ideological leanings - just turned up to 11.As you spend time with each Justice, you’ll learn more about their views, their background, and their hobbies - all based on real life. If you befriend a Justice, you might even unlock special side stories and endings! Supreme Courtship will initially feature side stories for Chief Justice Roberts, Justice Ginsburg, and Justice Kennedy. With additional funding, we’ll be able to add Justice Thomas, Justice Kagan, and the rest! Check out our stretch goals to see how you can get your favorite Justice's story unlocked!And now, without further ado, let’s meet the bench!Chief Justice John RobertsThey don’t call him Chief Justice for nothing - as the leader of the Court, Roberts role is to safeguard justice itself. He’s your no-nonsense, stern-but-kind-hearted Court Daddy (though don’t ever let him hear you call him that). He presides over the bench with one rule in mind - never lower the integrity of the Court.Associate Justice Anthony KennedyKennedy has been on the Court longer than anyone else, and he won’t stop reminding everyone about it. As the hot and cold swing vote on the Court, Kennedy is used to people trying to convince him onto their side, and he doesn’t make it easy!Associate Justice Ruth Bader GinsburgKnown as the Notorious R.B.G. both on and off the Court, Ginsburg is a stand out presence. It’s well known not to take her soft spoken demeanor for granted, as she is always ready to cut down injustice with her impeccably structured dissents. She’s an unrelenting liberal powerhouse that won’t back down no matter what!Associate Justice Clarence ThomasInfamous for his silent demeanor on the Court, there’s more than meets the eye with Thomas. Contrasting Ginsburg as the most conservative presence on the Court, swaying Thomas’ opinions can be harder than moving mountains.Associate Justice Stephen BreyerMore than any other, Breyer judges with his heart. A firm believer that caring is not a weakness, he works to make sure the Court is thinking of the people, not the policies. Some would say Breyer is an open book (or a chatterbox), but Breyer would say he just likes to share!Associate Justice Samuel AlitoAlito is not known for holding his tongue on the bench. Active, competitive and direct, Alito aims to take the shortest path to reaching his goals. Though he can butt heads with other members of the Court, he’s more thrilled by the competition rather than the outcome.Associate Justice Sonia SotomayorSotomayor is forever looking forward, and her aspirations for the future keep her fighting for social change and growth within the Court. She’s always open with her opinions, and will do what she can to get you on her side. Above all, Sotomayor knows that the Court will make history, and she wants to make sure it’s the right kind of history.Associate Justice Elena KaganBefore your arrival, Elena Kagan was the Court’s newest member, so she still feels like she has a lot to prove. While the other may take a broad view, she zooms in on the minutiae on which entire cases hinge, building her position from the ground up. She’ll be eager to share her analyses, assuming you can keep up!And... You?As the newly appointed - and totally unqualified - ninth Justice, it's your job to learn how the Supreme Court works, and how your new colleagues approach certain issues. No big deal, right..?Players can choose their Justice from one of two highly-expressive avatars, as well as the pronoun they prefer to use (he, she, they). Neither will affect the story or which Justices the player can befriend.The StorySupreme Courtship takes place in a fictional present-day Washington D.C.  After a mysterious death leaves a vacancy on the Court, you are appointed to fill the open seat!What's that? You don't know anything about the Constitution? Or the Court? Or the rule of law?? Too bad they didn't ask you about any of that before they picked you for the position. Oh well, I'm sure you'll figure it out!You'll learn your job on-the-fly with the help of your eight honorable colleagues and dutiful law clerks. Earn the esteem of your fellow Justices, cast votes on pivotal court cases, and untangle a political mystery that threatens the very foundation of our Democracy!GameplaySupreme Courtship is a visual novel game along the lines of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, with interesting characters, dramatic courtroom scenes, exciting locations to visit, and a central mystery. Players will have a lot of freedom and choice - after all, making impactful decisions is what being a judge is all about! Players can choose their character, what to do in their free time, which Justices to talk to, and how to investigate a chilling murder. Most importantly, though, players will learn about, argue, and cast a vote on a number of real-life court cases - and their decisions will have lasting impacts on the characters and the story.Supreme Courtship takes a page from the dating sim genre by offering character-focused side-stories and the ability to track and grow your friendship (or \"esteem\") with the other Justices. Raising your esteem with a Justice will unlock special segments of the story, and fill you in on the Justice's background and philosophy. Unlike most dating sims, though, there won't be any explicit romance or sexuality - we'll keep it PG-13.In addition to all this, we've prototyped a number of other mechanics that we're excited about!These extra features include:Generate your own legal opinions - mad-libs style - and share them with the world!Use your gavel to interrupt other characters and take control of the conversation! This can be used to rewind dialogue to the most recent choice, allowing you to change your response!Defeat your fellow Justices in real-time debates!Complete learning minigames that challenge your knowledge of the judicial branch!"	""
"246"	"817550"	"Jurassic World Evolution - Deluxe Dinosaur Pack"	2018-06-11	10.99	"Simulation,Strategy,Dinosaurs,Violent"	"About This ContentThis pack of additional dinosaurs is for owners of the base game who would like to upgrade to the Deluxe Edition of Jurassic World Evolution. Includes the following Dinosaurs:·         Styracosaurus·         Crichtonsaurus ·         Majungasaurus·         Archaeornithomimus ·         Suchomimus"	"Greetings park managers,We have just released a small new update for Jurassic World Evolution on PC, Xbox One and PlayStation 4. Update 1.7.2 contains bug fixes for some issues that were brought to our attention by our eagle-eyed Jurassic World Evolution community.Thank you for your feedback and bug reports so far, please continue letting us know of any issues you may be experiencing!Release notes can be found below:General Fixes & Tweaks Fixed issue with Proceratosaurus animations [PS4 Only] Removed screenshot watermark,I have taiga,Hi park owners!We're happy to announce that free update 1.7 is live right now!Release your creativity with the all new Capture Mode, complete with a whole range of features to make your screenshots look even more amazing, including; time slow down, UI toggle, free-form camera and more! We can't wait to see all of your creations over the coming weeks with this. https://youtu.be/w9hqOXmNl9cComing out alongside the free update 1.7 is the Jurassic World Evolution: Carnivore Dinosaur Pack. With three brand new, ferocious carnivores: the Herrerasaurus, the Acrocanthosaurus and the Proceratosarus! These marvelous new species are certain to be a huge hit with your guests, and challenge your skills as a Jurassic World owner to cope with the chaos they may create!The Carnivore Dinosaur Pack is available right now for $4.99 (£3.99/ €4,99) and is completely optional to purchase. Thank you for your continued support!Take a look below at the full release notes, please note we are going straight to version 1.7.1:1.7.0Paid Content/Features Added new dinosaursProceratosaurusHerrerasaurusAcrocanthosaurusAdded new dig sites for new dinosaursGeneral Fixes & TweaksAdded capture camera mode to pause menuFreeform camera controlOption to hide the UILetterbox and various aspect ratio (to match the different films) addedAdded time controls with a toggle between Paused/Slow/NormalAdded keyboard shortcut for entering/exiting Capture Mode (Shift+C)Made the keyboard controls for Capture Mode rebindableVarious stability fixes1.7.1General Fixes & TweaksFixed issue with audio around capture modeProceratosaurus model physics fixFrontend UI fixesVarious localization fixes,Hi everyone,We're pleased to announce a new update will be making its way to Jurassic World Evolution on 17 April!Update 1.7 will be the latest free update to come to the game, complete with a brand new, highly requested feature that we can't wait to see what you do with!Capture ModeWe've done some calculations, and to date, players have spent over 4,600 days taking photos with the ranger camera; that's a lot of photos! We know how much a number of players enjoy taking amazing photos, and we love seeing your creations. So with the new Capture Mode, you'll be able to pause the game and gain control of a new free-form camera with a slew of options to play with in order to get your perfect photo.  Hide the UI for a clean look Choose between various aspect ratios to match the different films Time controls to slow down time and capture amazing scenes Find the perfect angle with the free-form cameraThe new Capture Mode will be accompanied by various bug fixes which we hope will make your playing experience even better. There will be more information available when the update goes live on 17 April, but for now, be sure to check out our weekly livestreams on www.twitch.tv/frontierdevelopments to have some fun, relax and chat to us!See you on the islands!,Posted: April 28DLCs DLCs DLCs, Come on guys you can do better than that, your games have a lot of potential. i really got very excited when i saw an update for the game then i realized it was a new DLC. Planet coaster already have 10 DLCs, hopefully your next game Planet Zoo wont have any DLCs.,Back in the day I played Jurassic Park Operation Genesis, so it was disapointing to learn from reviews that JWE lack many features the JPOG had, so has anything been improved/added to the game making it worth buying.,Hi. I am a fan of jurassic world evolution since the teaser trailer went out. I bought the game on my xbox the day it came out. I was so happy to play it at first. It was fun for 1 - 4 weeks, then it got boring. The game has NO CONTENT. The dinosaurs are ...,Posted: May 1Graphics:☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good ☐ Great☐ Beautiful ☐ MasterpieceRequirements:☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computerGame time/length ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours )☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours )☐ Medium ( 8 - 12 hours )☑ Long ( 12 - 20 hours )☐ Very long ( 20 - 30 hours )☐ Epic ( 30+ hours )☐ EndlessStory:☐ It doesn't have one☐ Garbage☑ Plain/Lack of depth☐ Average☐ Decent☐ Great☐ FantasticBugs:☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Game-breaking bugs☐ Lots of bugs☐ Funny bugs☐ Few Bugs☑ No bugs I've encounteredAppeal/Enjoyment value:☐ ZzZzZzZz☐ Boring☑ Decent☐ Good fun☐ Really fun!☐ Extreme appeal & enjoyment!Overall Score:☐1-2☐3-4☐5-6☑7-8☐9-10I did enjoy this game and got some time and fun out of it, so I can recommend getting it on sale. The maps are really small, the depth of management is poor and the replayability is almost none. For example, I would have a few restaurants around a hotel, decent price, decent staff, and still the hotel was red for needing food.... no other way to figure out whats wrong. The dinos are more like taking care of terrible AI babies but finding the right combo of size, population, and compatability was entertaining. It was fun to give this a try, and I do think its worth a try if you like this kind of game!,Posted: April 30Jurassic World Evolution is an amazing game, and I don't get why it gets so much hate. I have played almost 80 hours of this game, more than making my money's worth back (in hours of enjoyable gameplay), and even though it lacks a more advanced customization system, it's still a load of fun. In some respects, I do understand people's criticism, but I don't agree with it. Sure, Planet Coaster has so many features to customize your theme park, but JWE didn't need all that. It has awesome dinosaurs. Planet Zoo is coming out soon, and if the ♥♥♥♥♥ leak was real, then you can expect more awesome DLC for this game, and even if they are making a Jurassic World Evolution 2 to coincide with the release of Jurassic World 3 in 2021, I'll buy it. The variety of dinos more than makes up for the lack of decorations, because in a way, they ARE the decorations. Bye for now, but if you're thinking about buying this game, you really should.,Hi all,Join in: post a link to your favourite screenshots (that you've snapped). Now we have Ansel users  and   the new photo mode, it'll be great to see some pretty pics. Leave a like on those you're fond of. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfil...,I know there are mixed feelings on this game but so far I am enjoying it but what this game really needs is an online mode so other players can view your parks and even purchase items using there in game cash. I don't know if that will ever be a thing but..."
"247"	"856140"	"MX vs ATV All Out - 2011 Honda TRX450R"	2018-05-23	2.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentStart your engines! Purchase the Honda ATV from TRX450R and experience real off-road riding!"	"All bugs that you find should go into this thread.Your bug reports help us to create fixes. The better your report, the more it does help us!Writing a good bug report is easy if you follow these 4 steps:1. Headline: Write a short headline about the ...,Please help me my game is stuck on the starting quick save screen and it does nothing the wheel just spins...,Hi! I've got a strange camera glitch: The helmet camera (1st person view) gets pretty shaky at times whenever I'm in the air after a jump, but stays perfectly still & stable while on the ground. And if I pause the game and resume, it gets 3x worse! So I h...,Came out 14 days ago apparently, so where is it?,Me and my friend bought this game to play together and mine starts fine and I can play. But my when my friend starts the game it crashes saying ue4. We can’t find any videos on it as they all use fortnite. Can anyone help? The pc specs meet recommend as...,Posted: May 4Games worth 10 bucks topsIts dumb fun for a minute but has major problems, still a step in the right direction#1 Worst thing about it is the physics/gravity/feel of the ground are just straight up goofy broken, not even slightly rewarding or challenging. Even though its trying to be more arcadey again it still has some of that reflex dna with the dual stick controls but its way less stiff and more forgiving now. At least they put in a 'classic single stick' control option but it feels really tacked on and almost impossible to control.Untamed was the last decent arcade one (even though that had issues too) it still feels way better than all out in comparison. Breh even 20yr old atv offroad fury feels wayy betterAll out is at its best on the big freeride tracks collecting all the things and hitting big fatty jumps but it gets old quick....The actual races are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thx to the broken physics of riding a bike that feels like it weights 5lbs while driving on ice and the wheels that clip thru the ground constantly. That combined with mind-numbing tracks, braindead AI, and the massive lack of content.Every branded vehicle is a paid download, plus the dlc tracks etc.. but EVEN IF all of that stuff came with the base game it would still have probably have literally 1/4 the stuff of untamed. Sad! Where are the sand rails, trophy trucks, mini bikes, monster trucks, helicopters etc. Yall should've had racing boats and hovercrafts in the series by now but its hwatever because jesus has taken note of your actions...Aight done e-ranting my novel about this ♥♥♥♥king REALLY SERIOUS SITUATION (sobbing btw)Hit me up when these style of games come back big♥♥♥♥♥♥ps2 style, but more good-er(never)"
"248"	"916772"	"Dreadnought Rogue Cache DLC"	2018-10-14	19.99	"Action,Free to Play,Massively Multiplayer"	"About This ContentROGUE CACHE BUNDLELeave the days of being called “rookie” in the dust. Accelerate your progress and give your favorite ship a new look.This bundle contains: 7 days of Elite Status - Enable you and your allies to progress faster with every battle. 15,000 Credits - Purchase new ships and modules. 200 GP - Get a feel for customizing your ships or captain avatar. Hanuman Hero Ship - Command a tenacious, Tier-III Oberon dreadnought. Keep ‘em Flying decal collection - An exclusive decal for any of your ships. Colors of Mars coating collection - A rusty rock coating for any of your ships.HERO SHIP BENEFITS: WHAT YOU GET WITH THE HANUMAN Faster progression - Hero Ships give a 10% boost to your XP and Credits—even if you leave them unused in your fleet while you play other ships. This extra XP earned is 70% convertible and 30% free (usable on any ship right away). Custom ship parts - You can use the Hanuman’s figurehead, forecastle, bridge, hull, and stern on any Oberon dreadnought that you own. Unique vanity items - Each Hero Ship provides additional items that you can use on any of your ships. With the Hanuman, you get its coating collection, Dark decal collection, and White decal collection. Instant access to higher tiers - You can use the Tier-III Hanuman to play in Veteran matches—before you unlock any Tier-III ships in regular progression."	"I cannot join game, it says \"Entering the game\" then \"Connection Error\". I think there should be the server status indicator before login into game :/,Any Fractured Space Veterans here? How is this game like? Basically ♥♥♥♥♥ier Fractured Space for those still wanting to play FS after it shut down back in February? Sounds like it has the same queue times, crummy looking UI compared to FS, and a grindfest...,this game was rocking before it went to steam.  what happened? the ques suck but its fricking really good imo and I want to play but I can't sit for 15 minutes hoping to play... make a damn pve ,We are investigating a server crash at the moment. I will update this thread as we learn more.,Every time I try to start up dreadnought it keeps saying that it has a new patch and was just wondering how i could do it manually?,Posted: May 1Fantastic game, although a bit different since it released on Steam. There’s a huge amount of ship variety and lots of customizable options for both your captain and battleship. Ship classes differ drastically and allow the player lots of options to pick from. I first played Dreadnought in mid-2018 and grinded up to Tier IV cruisers, then stopped playing for several months. I recently decided to give it another try and downloaded it on Steam. Since my last time playing this game without Steam, which I’ll estimate which was four to five months ago, the UI has completely changed which makes it a bit harder to navigate for veteran players who’ve been used to the old UI that’s been standardized since the beta. My only real issue with Dreadnought is the premium currency that costs IRL money, which is unfortunately predicable for a F2P. In order to buy any cosmetics for your character or ship skins you’ll either need to grind the several one-time bounties that award a small amount of this currency, or buy microtransactions. There’s not really another way to earn anymore once you’ve completed the starter bounties, from my knowledge. Overall, Dreadnought is a very unique take on space dogfighting. I’ve spent hours just changing around the colors on my battleships and messing around with different loadouts, it heavily awards investment and has very in-depth customization. Despite the UI and menu changes, it’s still very polished and enjoyable. ,Posted: April 28counter strike with flying ships :D,Posted: May 4The game can be fun but saddly the design flaws of the Tactical cruisers ruin the gameplay, 3-4 of them stack up and the game is pretty much over, as they outheal any ammount of dmg.Eighter Tactical cruisers would need a hardcap of 1 max 2 per team or outright removed as they are forcing a dumb ball strategy which can hardly be countered and makes the game a boring nonsense when both side apply this tactic, which is saddly the most common type of game you can find.The other classes seem to be fine and ballanced well around T2-3, but the developers would need to do something about the healing ball gameplay as in its current state it completly destroy the fun in the game. The healers can be killed for sure but for that you need to 100% to 0% them in an instant, otherwise your modules and ammo was a pure waste."
"249"	"18080"	"The Baconing DLC - Roesha – One Bad Mutha Co-op Character"	2011-10-11	1.99	"Action,Adventure,RPG"	"About This ContentRoesha is a downloadable co-op character who helps DeathSpank in both his battles and his adventure.A 70's era inspired police woman with a nasty attitude and an over-sized pistol. Roesha gets results!  When her gun is simply not enough she calls on her electric disco ball to take down a big crowd (watch them dance!).  She can also fire First Aid shells at DeathSpank to heal her crime-fighting partner.  And when she taunts, get ready for a Charlie's Angel inspired pose and some Roesha attitude. She is One Bad MuthaKey features: She kicks ass and provides some additional funked-up style to the game. Not only can she help DeathSpank on his adventure, but she makes the perfect coop character."	"Never been on sale since.Is there any reason?,I missed this game when it was in Humble Bundle. I was hoping to buy it here for 75% off or something but no such luck.,I get totally gangbanged in the first 2 minutes of the game even on easy....I feel like im missing something...THe first game seemed about normal difficulty, I never finished it, but played about 5 hours of it with no problem.,I got this game a long time ago in the indie bundle pack and haven't really played it. Is it any good?,DO IT NOW."
"250"	"704940"	"BOX IT"	2018-06-04	4.99	"Indie,Casual,Puzzle,Atmospheric,Singleplayer"	"Steam Exclusive OfferBOX IT is now available with full Workshop support for endless supplies of new puzzles.,About This GameWHAT A MESS!You look like the right one for this logistical challenge! So many boxes and no order.Place those crates on the red target squares, try not to block your own way and care for order.BOX IT - A classic Arcade Puzzle Game from a new perspective and 300 puzzles to solve.All 300 puzzles are set in a easy to medium difficulty range.WORKSHOP SUPPORTWith the integrated Workshop for BOX IT, it's possible to convert existing Sokoban Levels and share them with the BOX IT Community. Upload a single file or an entire folder with up to 1000 levels in a single pack. Subscribe to new puzzles and BOX IT will automatically install all new puzzles.**Requires a simple path setup on the first run."	"Posted: June 9, 2018One would think a puzzle game to put boxes in specific places were going to be difficult, or at least increasingly so, but the truth is this game sometimes have such easy levels its easy to think it was made just to cheat you out of a the little amount it cost. What I mean is that some levels have boxes positioned such that you cannot fail on it, you can basically only push it the correct way... Then some levels like one every 10 levels have one you have to think a little about but its not like its trial and error until you get it right, its more like a simple mistake, on a move, which forces you to restart the level. I just can't recommend this to anyone."
"251"	"956738"	"Sun Ce - Officer Ticket / 孫策使用券"	2018-11-01	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentA ticket that can be used with the \"DYNASTY WARRIORS 9 Trial\".This ticket allows you to use the corresponding officer within the game.▼How to useAfter purchasing the ticket, its effects will be applied within the game."	"Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added informal clothes that can be used in battle.Made improvements to castle sieges.Added a new ordeal \"Castle Siege\".Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Hi, did I understand correctly, there are no weddings in the game and similar elements like in the 8th Empire? ,According to the latest update, this was made possible. However it doesn't work for me.Has anyone figured out how to do it?,Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added \"Companion Animals\", and \"Guardian\".Added a bodyguard system.Added new modes \"Rampage\" to the arena.Added animals to the gallery.Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Posted: April 27It is good that Koei now sell this game partly (officer by officer), as most of us would not finish all the officers' stories. So for the gamers who were driven off by the bad reviews of this game, you may reconsider and give this game a shot.,Posted: April 29Not exactly sure how you expect people to play this game. Why is there no setup or game to play ? \"Push any Button\" Is what I am told and the only option that there is to chose is 'Exit Game'. 0.2 / 10 - You get the .2 because of the intro. There is no game to play here. Go play Black Desert Online Until these Developers get there act together. ,Newest changes are always at the top of this post.Update information 01.25 (04/24/2019)APR 23 @ 11:11PM-Catapults adjusted to deal big damage on siege weapons & camps-Gate durability gauges to be shown on UI-Ally soldiers help attacking gates if th...,- Corrected a number of minor issues.,PigeonTigerBlue TigerWhite TigerBearBlack BearWolfBlack WolfDeerFlame TigerWhite wolf and bearGolden tigerGrey bear Silver wolfPig, cat, dog, pandaThe elite wolf boss too.,  Official Website (JP)   EN website  Costumes (Feb-Apr) •[url=https://twitter.com/s_sangokum...,Posted: April 27Koei remade dynasty warriors from the ground up, and it's freaking awesome. at the moment my only complaint is the very obvious downgrade in voice actor quality for the english edition, but that's easily forgivable compared to the absolute scale of the game they offer you. I'm 8 hours in and mostly ignoring side content and I've only reached chapter 3."
"252"	"379750"	"The Black Watchmen - Original Soundtrack"	2015-10-23	9.99	"Adventure,Massively Multiplayer,Indie,Casual,Strategy"	"About This ContentThis DLC contains the full original soundtrack from The Black Watchmen.All songs were composed and recorded by Dominique Rheault. Voice by Sophie Martineau (The Rabbit Hole and Patient Alpha).  All proceeds from the sales of this DLC go to the composer and the signer. Dominique Rheault: https://soundcloud.com/dominique-rheaultSophie Martineau: http://www.sophiemartineau.comTrack List:01 - The Agency 00:4502 - The Rabbit Hole 01:5403 - The Ritual 03:5104 - Rosenberg 01:0905 - Patient Alpha 01:4606 - Infiltration 02:4307 - The Rupture Site 02:3608 - Power and Influence 02:4909 - Butterfly Effect 02:2210 - Post-Mortem 02:22"	"Hey there I just started over with this, completed the first training missions already.But now, still as training i have to check those pic´s. When i transform Code of pic #1040 (jjj.chfgrova.pbz) with ROT13 I´ll get as output: www.pustebin.com.Sofar...,Hi,I am a fan of the game. I played it back when it first came out, and really enjoyed it. Now, in March of 2019, I would like to replay through the puzzles.Unfortunately, I'm running into a lot of issues. Links that are crucial to the missions that u...,Don't know how this flew under my radar.I'm only over three years late.If I buy the game will I still get real world interaction?I read a player's review mentioning phone calls from a booth at the end of his street, black vans parking outside his hous...,WHen I launch the game, the game starts up, sounds start coming but there is no activity on the screen. The buttons(settings and quit) are clickable but clicking them has no effect on the display. If I do a Alt+Enter, the screen changes to reflect what it..., I'm having a lot of fun with this game but, what is the motivation behind making Mission-15 audio tape in French, really? Are we all supposed to know French or to know someone who can speak French? Got stuck after I reversed the audio and realize...,Posted: May 4gud game much hard,Posted: May 5It took me 80 minutes just to solve the last tutorial one, was way overthinking it.Before this I never heard of this game I bought it in a package with NITE TEAM 4 and just started with the oldest game in the package.Judging by other reviews of this game and the YT footage I saw of NT 4, this will only get better and better so I already consider myself a new ( probably huge ) fan of Alice & Smith."
"253"	"1032530"	"CrashCourse: Concussion Education Reimagined"	2019-03-13	NA	"Early Access,Free to Play,Action,Early Access,Simulation,Sports"	"About This GameCrashCourse is concussion education reimagined for today's generation. This interactive 360 experience features star players from the Stanford football team, including All-American running back Bryce Love, along with Stanford Captains Alameen Murphy, JJ Arcega-Whiteside, Brandon Simmons, and wide-receiver Trenton Irwin. This film brings you directly onto the field during a high school football game to share the latest medical knowledge on the prevention and treatment of concussions. All materials were designed in partnership with leading subject matter experts and were evaluated using a rigorous research-based design process, which was conducted through Stanford University and formally approved by their Institutional Review Board.The ProblemMillions of young people around the world are getting injured because they lack basic health education. More than 2.5 million young people suffer a concussion in the United States each year. With proper care, most concussions can heal within 10 days, but the overwhelming majority of students, parents, and coaches are unaware of the latest science about prevention and treatment of concussions. If not treated properly, a concussion may have lasting physical, emotional, and cognitive effects. Concussion education is critical for ensuring athletes can play their sport healthier, for longer.About TeachAidsFounded at Stanford University, TeachAids is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit social venture that creates breakthrough software addressing numerous persistent problems in health education around the world. We use a research-based design process to develop medically-accurate, pedagogically-grounded, and culturally-tailored animated software to optimize learning and retention in 82 countries. We are backed by Google, Microsoft, Barclays, UNICEF, and others, and partnered with 250+ governments, school systems, and NGOs around the world. TeachAids was recognized as an innovation that would \"change the world\"​ by MIT Technology Review and is a global laureate of the Tech Awards for philanthropy. The Government of Botswana has recognized June 15 as \"National TeachAids Day\"​.Our breakthrough education product, Prevention Begins With Me, has been viewed by more than half-a-billion young people. The interactive animated film educates youth on the prevention of HIV and has been used in 82 countries. Our latest health education initiative, CrashCourse, educates youth on the prevention and treatment of concussions. The full CrashCourse product suite will be distributed to more than 10,000 schools and youth sports organizations around the nation."	""
"254"	"720540"	"TRIPLE TWENTY - VR Darts"	2017-10-09	6.99	"Indie,Casual,Simulation,Sports"	"About This GameTriple Twenty is the ultimate virtual reality darts experience!Experience a realistic dart game with simulated throwing physics in VR. Play traditional dart games such as 301 and 501 or simply practice your throwing skills without the hassle of making holes in your wall when you miss!Triple Twenty allows you to make use of the Vive or Oculus Touch controllers to simulate the throwing of darts just like you would in real life."	""
"255"	"512310"	"TS Marketplace: LMS P3 Coaches Pack 04 Add-On"	2016-12-07	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentThe LMS P3 Coaches Pack 04 recreates variants of LMS coaches in use from 1933 (Design Period 3) as they appeared in LMS Maroon livery and British Railways Crimson & Cream livery. The LMS P3 Coaches Pack 04 includes the following variants: Brake FirstInspection SaloonKitchen"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"256"	"571520"	"Kalaban"	2016-12-29	4.99	"Adventure,Indie,Action,Horror"	"About This GameKalaban is a top-down action-adventure game by Rayhouse Productions. The game focuses on storytelling and open-ended gameplay.STORY:The year is 1995, in an alternate history version of Finland. Bob, a hermit and an American who has moved to Finland, lives in a backwater cabin by himself. One night he is attacked by a hideous dog-like mutant. Now he must find out what is going on, and discover the reason behind the mutant outbreak.FEATURES: Unique story and characters: While the game has a basic premise of mutant invasion, it also features a story with real depth and complexity.  Top-down action: Combat and exploration are the heart of this game. You kill monsters, gain loot and eat food to heal yourself. We wanted to make the combat fun and approachable. Mini-sandbox: After the introduction, the player is let loose on the gameworld. You're given the freedom to explore the setting in a non-linear fashion.  Dark comedy: The game is presented with a serious tone, but beneath it lies absurd comedy, with strange events and characters.  Player choice matters: Your actions and choices affect the how the story plays out. The game can be described as an immersive sim from a top-down perspective. Hand-crafted world: All the level backgrounds are unique, and the main character is completely hand-animated. We wanted to achieve a high level of polish with the art. Back to the 90s: The game is set in the recent past of Finland. The game is littered with tropes and references to the pop culture of the yesteryear. In addition to that, we've taken many influences from older adventure games and DOS titles. ,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This Game may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: General Mature Content"	"Posted: December 31, 2016After completing the game, I have rewritten this review. Also, please see the developer's response to the previous version of this review in the comments as they explain that they plan to make improvements to the game.Kalaban is an interesting game, which unfortunately suffers from the fact that the developers had to release it before it was complete according to their vision. It's still very enjoyable and playable, but you can tell some things could be improved (and according to the developper, they will be). It's not that it feels unfinished, it's just that the developers wanted to do more.+ The atmosphere and the plot are great. Some games in this genre just stitch together random spooky things and hope that players will enjoy it, without really any concern for how it all comes together, and often it ends up like a collection of sad horror stereotypes. But this game's atmosphere seems to have been carefully designed, with an interesting plot.- On the downside of this, the game lacks in storytelling. The character doesn't really make detailed observations about the environment or the events around him, so it's hard to really get immersed into this game. This is one of the things the developer said they plan to improve.+ The combat is easy to pick up. It's simple and straightforward, there's nothing complicated to learn and no complex thinking required. Lots of games try to be original but end up being frustrating because the mechanics are hard to grasp. Kalaban gives you a standard combat mechanic, yet the fights can still be challenging.+ The monsters are original. At least it's not zombies, for a change! I agree werewolves aren't exactly rare in video games either, but there are other unusual monsters in this game that set it apart.+ You can use accessories like a flashlight and torches.+ There's a lot to explore and investigate. + There's quests, and they're interesting and not repetitive.+ The dialogues are well-written, every character you encounter sounds different in the way they speak. This is great, because too many indie games have NPCs who all sound like the same person talking.- On the downside of this, characters don't always feel very realistic in the things they say or do. You'd just expect people to behave differently in a situation like this in real life. But that can probably be said of nearly all video games, and sometimes to have an interesting story you need to take some liberties.- Despite the developer's response, I'm still not convinced by the food meter mechanic. Its only purpose is to regenerate your health over time (except on hard difficulty, where you lose health if you are hungry). There are already healing items, so I'm not sure why the game needs two different healing methods.Was the purpose simply to add a survival element to the game? If so, I would say that a single survival mechanic isn't enough to make a game into a survival game. If I want a survival game, I need more survival mechanics than just a food meter. If I don't care to play a survival game, then I don't need a hunger mechanic at all so just give me additional medkits to heal myself instead. Hunger mechanics work in true survival games where managing your food and other supplies is important. But this is an action game, so this hunger mechanic only serves as a secondary healing system (and on higher difficulties, to make you race to finish the game before you run out of food). I just don't see what's interesting about that.Also, having to wait for your health to regenerate isn't the most interesting thing to do. It just makes me watch as the health bar goes up before resuming my exploration. Again, I'd rather have more medkits instead.Finally, the food meter goes down a bit too fast for my taste and it annoys me to constantly have to eat anytime I need to regenerate health. I'd rather find less food and have the food meter go down more slowly, so that I can focus on actually playing. Also it would make food consumption feel mor realistic, which would improve immersion. I must have eaten 1 week's worth of meals while the game takes place over the course of a single night!Anyway, on to other things...- The game is quite short. It's long enough for that price, but I would have loved it if it were longer.- The ending left me unsatisfied. I hope I'm not spoiling anything, but the main objective is to escape the town. There's a secondary objective, which seems to be optional, which is to uncover the cause behind the mutant outbreak. The ending I got for escaping didn't make a lot of sense to me (didn't feel logical), plus some plot elements remained unexplained as if the game had suddenly forgotten about them. As for investigating the causes of the mutant outbreak, I'll just say that I found answers, but when this part of the plot was completed it was barely acknowledged in game. It was kind of \"Oh, seems I figured out why these mutants have appeared. Whatever\".Overall, I'm getting the feeling that the developer ran out of time to work on the endings properly, and hopefully this is something they will improve as well.- While looting the environment, some visual feedback would be nice. Like containers having an open animation when you search them, or at least an inventory window opening up to show you the contents of what you are searching. Right now the world feels too static. Thankfully this is another things the developer mentioned they want to improve.- Finally, there are quite a few bugs. None of them prevented me from enjoying the game, I did have to reload the last checkpoint a few times due to getting stuck or crashing, but you never lose much progress if you do this. Bugs are being worked on quickly anyway, so this should soon no longer be a problem.Overall it's a very good game despite some minor flaws. It has an interesting plot and a creepy atmosphere, you can tell the developers had a good vision that they really wanted to put into a game. The gameplay is also enjoyable. The endings need work though because they're a bit of a disappointment right now, and it's too bad the game isn't longer. But overall it's a good experience and I recommend it. I also hope for a sequel that explores more of the plot related to he mutant outbreak.,Posted: January 5 In A Nutshell 🔵  Pros + Decent free-roaming, survival horror gameplay.+ No hand holding: players need to figure out everything on their own.+ Quests also being \"mini-puzzles\" based on how to use found items in solving problems.+ Sufficient variety of equipment and enemies.🔴  Cons - A few but significant bugs that can lead to major gameplay disruption / force a reload.- Autosave-only saving system at each area transition, no manual saves whatsoever, not even at fixed points.- Sometimes certain quests can glitch, preventing progression.- Hunger meter on higher difficulties is very unbalanced in comparison to how little food can be found, becoming an annoying, frustrating mechanic.Kalaban is a small indie-level open world survival horror set in Finland, where a mysterious pandemic outbreak turned the majority of the population of a small city into bloodthirsty monsters of various shapes and sizes. As one of the few survivors, the protagonist Bob will have to make his way through a city literally turned into a living nightmare, and find a way to escape.As gameplay concept, this title uses a completely free-roaming open-world, even if calling it \"open-world\" might be exaggerating it, since the entirety of Kalaban is composed of a dozen or so not very large areas, making up the entirety of this small Finnish town. However, the concept behind it remains valid and definitely interesting, allowing the player complete freedom of movement. Of course, some locations need to be unlocked by finding key items or completing quests first. Quests are given by various NPCs found in the world and will all lead to obtaining a Car Part, necessary for completing the main quest and escape.The survival horror aspects are about fighting ever-respawning monsters in the various city areas, managing inventory space and consumable items such as batteries, ammo and medical ones, while also keeping an eye on the hunger meter, depleting at an insanely high rate, allowing passive health regeneration if it's above a certain threshold. On the two higher difficulties, Nightmare and Hell, having zero hunger meter value drains HP constantly, and makes these two difficulties extremely frustrating as this mechanic was not balanced very well.Overall, one can't expect Kalaban to have the depth nor the scope of more popular similar games (such as Darkwood for example), but it remains a decent indie title to pass a few hours at a very low price. The duration should not exceed 2-4 hours depending on difficulty and possible bugs.  In-depth Feature Analysis 🎮  Gameplay The gameplay of Kalaban is divided onto Exploration, Quests, Management and Combat.Exploration of the game world is completely free straight from the first minutes, it's definitely interesting to roam every area and accessible building to scavenge supplies, find more info about the epidemic, and aswell get quests from the other survivors. Not knowing what to expect in the next area or building keeps the gameplay fresh. Some areas will need specific tools or items to be accessible, some found laying around, while others rewarded by quests. At each area transition into another zone the game will be saved, this being the only way to save. A debatable choice that can lead to problems such as being killed instantly after transition by monsters, or saving while on low HP and starving could lead to a soft-lock.Quests given by NPCs are all collected in an interface, roughly telling what has to be done. Generally, they are about fetching some item or finding a certain other NPCs to relay a message, they are never overly complex or structured, and give little choices most of the time, being instead linear.Management, as in any survival horror, is an important part of gameplay, and is done via a square-based inventory panel. Each box can contain an item or item stack, depending on the type. Generally however, rarely at any time there will be enough stuff to be overburdened and having to leave something behind, as usage of items, especially food, is performed frequently. Crates containing loot respawn on transitions, while also enemies drop items.📖  Story Kalaban uses an indirect narrative style, meaning pieces of lore, transmissions and dialogues with other NPCs are the means to find what is going on, rather than a direct, narrated story. Overall the English writing is not of the best quality, but just average in complexity and also in the presented situations' complexity. 👊  Combat System Combat in Kalaban is classic top-down 2D fighting, using the mouse to aim around while the buttons to attack. Hotkeys assigned to 1-9 change weapons and use items quickly as there is no pause in opening the inventory. Generally, most enemies are fairly weak as they can be stun-locked by the basic Axe melee attacks.Ammo is not overly rare, an firearms, once found, back a big punch. Environmental items such as fuel tanks or barrels can be shot to cause great explosions and eliminate multiple enemies. Overall the combat in Kalaban is alright but does not stand out for any particularly exciting or noteworthy mechanic.💰  Content & Pricing Priced at 3.99€ base tag, and offering about 2-4 hours of content based on difficulty level, skill, and time taken to find everything, this is probably worth it to buy this game even at full price as the cost is very reduced, while the content it delivers is of decent quality for this price range. Survival horror fans may find in it a good little game to pass some time in a slightly different setting than usual.🔗  Balance & Challenge The two highest difficulty levels are exceedingly frustrating because of how unbalanced the hunger mechanic is, removing Health when at zero hunger in these modes. Simply put, there is not nearly enough food for how fast the meter depletes, leading to death just for this reason rather than monsters. Loot balance is generally alright giving the player enough to survive but never so much to make him overpowered. On Hard the game offers a decent challenge without the unbalance of the life-draining hunger, which definitely needs to be reworked. Technical Analysis 🎥  Graphics An unusual hand-drawn style is used for Kalaban's visual aspect. To be honest, the quality of this style is not consistent: some artwork, animations and effect look pretty good and are acceptable, while some other elements of the scenario look like drawn with MS Paint and of terrible quality, like they have been taken from another game entirely.🔊  Sound Sound effects and music are average without any particular standout point.🔩  Performance & Stability The game runs flawless in 4K. [GTX1080, i7 4820K, 16GB RAM]💻  Artificial Intelligence Enemies use a follow and attack pattern without any particular AI complexity behind it.🏠  Quality of Life The fact saving is only at each area transition can lead to problems, even soft locks because a player dies right after the transition, for example, and definitely some fixed save points would be better. Inventory and interface are generally alright even if putting items in the hotbar can be clunky and difficult sometimes.🐛  Bugs & Issues In a certain area, a bug rendered the character uncontrollable 90% of the time this area was loaded, effectively breaking the game. Bugs of this severity do not always happen, however. Conclusion Kalaban is a nice small Indie project with decent gameplay concept and overall sufficient quality. For this budget price range, it is definitely a solid title for the top-down survival horror genre.This product was reviewed using a free key provided by the Developers.Follow our curator page, OCG-Curations if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.,Posted: May 9, 2017Sorry, Iìm not the type to over criticize indie games or cheap games.But the game is simply too buggy to give some decent fun.I expected a couple of hours of fun, nothing more, but the experience is ruined by the difficulty by some nasty happening: such objects that disappear from inventory and quests that crash.And, overall, it's a shame as I like the atmosphere and the environment, and also the story is pretty good.It's a 5,5/10, only for who have some patient to recover the game from crash and problems.,Posted: January 9, 2017As an American and former lumberjack I could not help but play this game.  Overall, I enjoyed it, but I would not recommend it for everyone.The story mode is pretty short with ten different areas that are well designed.  I wish there were either more sub maps (that is, buildings or just unique locations or events) or more areas in the game.  Maybe Bethesda has spoiled me here, but I think this game could use more.I was actually surprised by a few moments in the story and for that I would recommend this game even though it has an unfinished feel to it.   I really don't want to describe those moments as it may spoil it for some.  There are, however, certain \"choose your own adventure\" type events in the game which can possibly lead to immediate death which in a way feel out of place.Combat is pretty basic.  At first you start with an axe (a good lumberjack would have spare chains...) and this can either give the game a survival horror feel, or make the player incredibly bored.  Essentially you will be running backwards trying to time your swings just right to hit charging enemeies.  I don't have any problems with it, but I can definitely see others not liking it.  From there you slowly collect other ammunition types and then build up your arsenal: pistol, shotgun, submachinegun,  revolver, and even a flamethrower.  Combat will present the player with two choices for healing: use an item to immediately heal or eat food to slowly regenerate.  If you take your time you can save your instant healing items for hard spots (and there are a few).There are only a few different enemies, but they all fill a certain combat niche: a couple are ranged, one is melee, and one does area damage.  More enemies would always be nice, of course,  but I never felt like there needed to be more.Dying is not really a problem, as the player can just relaod the \"scene\", or area map.  I'm glad this isn't yet another permadeath game, as it doesn't need that element.  Maybe some people would want this choice, but I don't miss it in this game, especially since there is already a horde mode.The horde mode is  a nice addition.  The story mode itself does not have a lot of replay value, but I did go through that a couple times.  In horde mode you just run around a couple of the area maps from the story mode trying to survive as long as possible against enemies that keep spawning in.  It's a good idea to add replay value to the game, but it's not exactly Crimsonland.  There just seems to be something lacking, but it's hard to describe why.  Besides the obvious, the way the two modes play are different.  You won't be accessing your inventory in horde mode, you just try to pick up what you need when you need it, if the enemy is kind enough to drop it.  It can be a nice frantic pace, but sometimes the enemy pathfinding is bad and there can be a lull in what should be a frantic mode.Overall I enjoyed the game, and I'm glad to see there will be more updates.  This was a good effort and I hope to see more from those involved.,Posted: December 30, 2016In it's current state (it just came out at the time of writing this) I find it has too many bugs for me to continue playing it now but I'm still recomending it because the game itself is great. I typically grow bored with most games before beating them but as soon as a few of the major bugs are fixed, I can see myself getting addicted. I've only played for an hour so far but I can tell this is one of those rare games that the developers really put their hearts into.Even if it's buggy (which is expected right after the release), buy the game anyways. It's cheap and these are the kind of game devs that deserve the support.I'll update this review after they release enough bug fixes for me to keep playing.,Posted: January 4Good, but flawed.The main problem is that it needed the controls to be tightened up.  The character tends to slide against things even when there's room for them to walk normally, and the menu's can be hard to navigate because it won't register something, or it will think you clicked on something you didn't.  My other complaint is that at the end of the dialogue I would click to exit and the character would shoot.  The enemies also tend to be bullet sponges.I was still having fun until I got caught in an insta-death loop.  I kept loading right outside a door and the boss monster would kill me in two hits.  Also, you can't load the menu to quit from the death screen.  So you have to reload, then QUICKLY open the menu and quit out.  Yeah, having that screen up didn't stop the monster from killing me when it did every other time.I look back over all these complaints and it seems like a cut and dry case that this shouldn't be recommended.  But at the end of the day it's only a dollar and it is fun to play.,Posted: January 1, 2017The game have great music, atmosphere and story.I really liked it, haven't finished it yet but first impression are really good.,Posted: September 26, 2018A nice 2d horror one.,Posted: December 29, 2016Some nice detailed 90s references throughout, reading the game manual gave some good laughs :D,Posted: April 13Product received for freeKalaban is a 2d game similar to postal 1 in terms of the atmosphere and art. The only difference is that you fight against monsters and need to manage your needs."
"257"	"831690"	"Piano Play 3D"	2018-04-26	3.99	"Indie,Casual,Music,Singleplayer,Simulation"	"About This GameIf you like classical music, there is something you will surely enjoy - Piano Play 3D! This is a great piano playing game. Listen to the music and tap on keys at a proper time. Just choose your favorite classical composition and start to play! Your goal is to catch as many notes as you can while listening to the melody. Start as a noob and level up your skills!Best classical music ringtones for you to enjoy! Take the piano challenge and become a piano hero!Basic Features 15 classic melodies Easy to play, hard to master"	"Posted: April 27, 2018i love piano very much. but i think you should add a mode that lets you just listen to the song and not have to press the keys. also make the songs more easy to scrool through. i trhought this was like listening to classical piano songs and being able to free play. just add these things in and this game will become much better and will influence more people to play.,Posted: April 27, 2018that games sucks,Posted: April 23https://youtu.be/3RauoW8KE7YThe falling notes have no relation to the music causing players to receive feedback on success.  This creates a disjointed experience and disharmony in the gameplay."
"258"	"994510"	"You're Not Special - Soundtrack"	2019-02-11	4.99	"Strategy,Adventure,RPG"	"About This ContentThe original score for You're Not Special as composed by Lighting Nights. Focusing on dynamic compositions with violin, piano, and percussion, this score offers a melodic and serene way to expand the quaint and open-world environment created by Reky Studios. If you enjoyed the score and would like to support the composer, please consider downloading this DLC and/or leaving a review!Track listing:1. Main Theme2. Is This Home?3. A Quaint Little Kingdom4. Chillin’ at the Inn5. Peasants and Kings6. The Febrile South7. A Hand in the Fire8. Suspiciously Jovial9. Well Guarded10. This is Not My Home11. The Frozen North12. Feet on the Ice13. Fighting in the Cold14. Pash-Inn-At15. This is Also Not My Home16. A Quaint Little War17. Fighting in the Dark18. Life Begets Life"	"So the last thing that happened was I fell from the bridge in the forest and monsters attacked me. Someone saved me but now I don't know what to do. I'm just making money for now.Also, how do you climb the climbing plant? help plz,Pretty cool game but oftentimes don't know how to progress / where to go...,What do you mean by \"mostly non-combat\"? ( I like combat lol ) Length of game? Thank you. Good luck with launch. ,Anyone know the code for the special compartment in the wall above the market place?,My mom told me so"
"259"	"215370"	"Omerta - City of Gangsters - The Con Artist DLC"	2013-03-08	4.99	"Strategy,Simulation"	"About This ContentA letter arrived today. The envelope was thick with the smell of a woman's perfume. It was an invitation, but not the invitation I expected. It was a call to take part in the \"Greatest con of all time.\" Intrigued, I followed the message to one of the wealthiest parts of Atlantic City. The place was full of rich little good-for-nothings who never had to work for a living - the perfect setting for a scam.New Jersey, February 1919. A young woman claiming to be Anastasia Romanov disappears after raising a considerable sum of money from local Russian immigrants who supported the royalist regime in Russia. The police suspected a con scheme but the very people that gave the money truly believed that the self-proclaimed Romanov has gone into hiding because of Soviet spies threatening her life.The person in question was Anna Anderson. She is known to be a charismatic and influential socialite with striking good looks. Her personality baffles investigators and people acquainted with the case and on one could tell whether this was a brilliant con act or the naked truth.Availability:This DLC is available after successfully completing the first two missions of the single player campaign.Key Features:New Henchman: Anna AndersonNew Weapon: The MohaskaNew District: Connecticut Ave"	"Hello all,So I'm trying to get this game to run on Steam OS.  But every time I try, the game immediately ends.  I'm a complete noobs with linux.  Does anyone have any tips for how to run this in steam os?,Does anyone know any similar game to this?Cheers!,All in the title, anyone else having this issue?,While playing the Mediterranian Ave. level, I instructed my Mob Boss to build a new clinic. Since doing that, he's just been driving around the map, hopelessly lost. Sometimes he'll drive off the edge and turn back around, and continue driving around seem...,I really REALLY want a 2nd one!! Here are some things id like feel free to reply with other things!Assualt rifles: a new type of weapon that is more accurate and expensive than the tommy gun that works in the same way as a tommy gunMore attention to c...,Posted: May 2good game"
"260"	"844830"	"Final Battle Guide & Wallpapers"	2018-04-20	1.99	"Sexual Content,Nudity,Strategy,Adventure,RPG,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentDLC contains:Final Battle Guide6 Final Battle Wallpapers (size 1920*1080)Location:C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Final Battle,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"This girl wants very hard to party in a dark dungeon with you!https://store.steampowered.com/app/1027900/Sexy_Heroine/Tip!Don't forget to wishlist all our games, past, present and future. Lots of sexy ladies to have fun with.https://store.steampowered.com/app/588920/BADASS/https://store.steampowered.com/app/638720/Final_Battle/https://store.steampowered.com/app/596200/Blood_n_Bikinis/https://store.steampowered.com/app/648660/Boobs_vs_Zombies/https://store.steampowered.com/app/648670/Bikini_Island/,Use this thread to report any bug.Try to be descriptive so our team can promptly try and fix it.,And what better way than to enjoy a dungeon adventure with the gorgeous heroine of your choice?https://store.steampowered.com/app/1027900/Sexy_Heroine/Also available in bundles!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10943/Sexy_Bundle/https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10941/Sexiest_Bundle/,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1027900/Sexy_Heroine/Don't miss our very sexy bundles too!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10941/Sexiest_Bundle/,for generic RPG Maker game to promote themselves using classic RPGs names.,its called IDP.generic according AVAST.com antivirus program,Will there be a patch on Day 1?,ive looked all over... can find them.  has anyone yet?,Posted: May 4It's an RPG that follows the main character who clearly has far too much luck and not enough brains.  Chuckle.  It's both frustrating to play, and fun enough to keep picking up again.  It will likely be a fall back game for me not because it's bad, but because it can get frustrating at times in a bad way.  Not enough grinding to prepare my style of gaming in combat.  It's good enough to buy, but not good enough to play through in one sitting.  I think that sums it up for me."
"261"	"470690"	"Rivals of Aether: Spangled Wrastor"	2016-05-23	2.99	"Indie"	"About This ContentA Promotional Color for Wrastor. This color features a Red, White and Blue Wrastor with Stars and Stripes effects and an American Flag Taunt."	"In this patch it's all about location, location, location. Today we're introducing size variants for a couple of favorite stages, a new place to train, and even a revamped starter stagelist for both competitive singles and doubles. Read on below for the full patch notes. The Forest Floor now has a unique variation for 2-player matches.Treetop Lodge now has a unique variation for 4-player matches.The 1v1 starter (neutral) stagelist is now: Tower of HeavenMerchant PortAethereal GatesJulesvaleThe Forest FloorThe 2v2 starter stagelist is now:Tower of HeavenMerchant PortAethereal GatesFire CapitalTreetop LodgeThe Practice Room now replaces the Random stage in practice mode, giving you the option to practice on the grid.Bug Fix: Objects on ground (Lily, Puddle, Mobile Gear, etc.) all function normally when placed either on or under a Rock on a moving platform.Forward Special can no longer be destroyed by projectiles.When cancelling the first 4 frames of double jump into Up Special, Etalus' vertical speed is now set to 0 instantly.This prevents Etalus from using the double jump forgiveness mechanic to gain a large amount of height while recovering.Grounded Forward Special hitbox extended 18px inward on the first frame.Bug Fix: Ranno no longer gets \"stuck\" in Forward Special when a solid object (like a Rock) blocks the path to his tongue.Parried Forward Specials (such as Zetterburn's Fireball) can no longer break your own flowers.Flowers will no longer play the \"planted\" sound effect when they fail to plant (extremely rare now).Up Tilt maximum knockback (based on heat) increased. Old range was 7+0.6 - 7+1.1. New range is 7+0.6 - 9+0.9.Steam now fades away instead of instantly disappearing.Uncharged Forward Special pillar destruction radius decreased fromn 64 > 32.This was adjusted because when Elliana's projectiles are destroyed near a pillar, they destroy the pillar, since they don't actually have an explosion hitbox.Charged Forward Special will no longer get \"stuck\" on the ground when hitting it at specific angles.Up Tilt linking hits base knockback increased from 2 > 4.Up Tilt linking hits angle flipper adjusted from 2 > 9.Originally it sent toward Ori's center, now it sends toward the hitbox's center.Up Tilt linking hits can no longer cause flinch, even if crouch cancelled.,anyone know what that 6.4MB update/patch is about?,In a collaboration between Tuxedo Esports and Rivals of Aether, you can now obtain the slickest version of Ranno that has ever set foot in Aether. Ever since Tuxedo won our Rivals Rep Icon Contest, we’ve been working hard behind the scenes to create this brand new skin with them. Features Include:Ranno fights without his patented poison sash in order to look more dapper.He fires roses with thorns instead of poison darts.He wears a tuxedo! Every sprite has been redrawn with suit and tie. When he taunts, he throws a rose! It reminds us of something...Additionally, proceeds from this skin support Rivals Esports. We hope you enjoy the results!https://store.steampowered.com/app/1035230/Rivals_of_Aether_Tuxedo_Ranno/You can find out more about Tuxedo at http://tuxedoesports.com/.,This patch is a big one with tons of balance and \"quality of life\" changes. In addition, it also happens to fall on one of our favorite days of the year. Read on for all of the changes included in patch 1.4.9.  Walljump is now restored on death.Characters in a state where they can't tech can also no longer ledge cancel.This change is to help moves like Zetterburn Down Strong link into the final hit, since it could easily force the opponent to ledge cancel the first hit.Airdodging upward within 4 frames of double jumping will restore your double jump (the same way that Up Special does).This allows tap jump users to airdodge upward without wasting their double jump.Turnaround special window length increased from 8 > 16 (Turnaround special is performed by hard-pressing backward then pressing special within this window).Ceiling teching added.Missing a ceiling tech will now send you downward at half of your original upward speed (previous it set your vertical speed to zero).During the hitpause of the purple kill effect, moving platforms can no longer move the hit player.Added DI assistance:For weak moves (under 10 KB) that send between 20 and 70 degrees, holding straight outward will perform perfect DI out.For strong moves (over 10 KB) that send between 20 and 70 degrees, holding straight inward will perform perfect DI in.For moves that send between 250 and 290 degrees, holding straight inward will perform perfect DI in.If your DI direction is within 10 degrees of full inward or outward DI, it will become full-strength DI.This change is meant to allow keyboard players and newer players to get the correct DI more easily.Two new CPU DI options added in training mode: Left and Right (works well with the new DI assistance mechanic).Players will now instantly respawn in training mode.Press F2 while in the main menu or any character select screen to revert all keyboard controls to default.Starring online replays from the results screen now functions properly.Dev mode updated to version 0.6: Lots of dev mode bug fixes. Don't ask us what they are specifically.Hold dodge during Up Special's startup to Orcahop even when you have a puddle out.Ftilt endlag decreased from 9 > 8 (14 > 12 on whiff).Utilt sweetspot damage increased from 5 > 6.Dstrong back hit damage increased from 8 > 9 (to match front hit).Puddle Forward Strong and Up Strong now reach as far inward as the non-puddle versions.Tilts can no longer be jump cancelled after being parried.Dash Attack will now go into parry stun correctly if it ends in the air.Wrastor's neutral air has been redesigned to be a 2 hit move. The first hit sends at a low angle with low hitstun. The second hit lingers for a while and has relatively strong knockback that decays drastically over time, allowing for varied usage depending on how you land it. Linking the first hit into the second hit is easier with the help of slipstream, especially at higher percents.Fspecial can now be destroyed by attacks. The slipstream is also destroyed and the move goes on 50% of its normal cooldown (for reference, parrying Fspecial puts it on 75% of its normal cooldown).Fspecial cooldown now applied 1 frame earlier (prevents Wrastor from getting the half-cooldown if interrupted on the frame that the projectile comes out).Fspecial cooldown icon added to the bottom HUD.Grounded Dspecial endlag on whiff: 21 > 28.Uspecial last few frames of hurtbox fixed.Pratfall aerial drift acceleration: .5 > .4.Dash Attack can no longer be cancelled into jab/tilts after being parried (required hitting another player/object at the same time as getting parried).Fstrong damage: 10 > 18.Ustrong damage: 4, 10 > 6, 16.Fair damage: 10 > 11.Press dodge during the first 5 frames of Nspecial to use rockless Nspecial.Grounded Rockless Nspecial hurtbox fixed.Going into pratfall from pillar breaking under you will now cap your horizontal speed (prevents extreme speed boosts from interrupting moves like Ori's Dstrong).Fspecial will no longer lose its hitbox when getting hit the frame before transitioning from ground to air or vice versa.All players will now go into a 30 frame landing lag state when falling from a broken pillar, just like Kragg.Ranno, Elliana, and Shovel Knight Uspecial landing windows are no longer immune to pratfall after a pillar breaks under them.Fstrong and Ustrong can no longer be cancelled into jab/tilts after being parried (required hitting another player/object at the same time as getting parried).Fspecial cooldown icon added to the bottom HUD.Buddies will no longer follow Forsburn when he has a clone out or is behind smoke.Uspecial can no longer drop through platforms after being parried.Lily will no longer detect respawning players.Cloud kicks now start to lose power after 7 frames until the end of hitpause (total KB loss is -1.5 BKB over 5 frames).Charged Nspecial is no longer destroyed by the plasma field (it already hit through it, so this is mostly just a visual change).Jab 3 damage: 6 > 8.Fair armor will no longer have whiff landing lag after armoring through an attack.Armored strong attacks only gain super armor if half-charged or more. At less than half charge, they gain weak armor that gets stronger as it charges (starts at 10, ends at 25. Fair armor is 12 for reference).Armored Fstrong startup changed (6 pre-charge + 12 post-charge > 8 pre-charge + 9 post-charge).Armored Ustrong startup changed (6 pre-charge + 12 post-charge > 8 pre-charge + 10 post-charge).Armored Dstrong startup changed (6 pre-charge + 8 post-charge > 8 pre-charge + 6 post-charge).These changes make the super armor come out later, since the armor doesn't start until post-charge.Armored Fstrong damage: 2 + 16 > 4 + 14.Armored Dstrong final hit damage: 12 > 16.Previously, armored strong attack damage was inconsistent when compared to the unarmored versions. Now, the damage is always unchanged for the linking hit and 4% stronger on the final hit.Armored Dstrong sourspot is no longer techable (matches non-armored version).Dspecial walljump is now possible with tap jump.Grounded Dspecial startup: 5 > 13.Window between rising hit and falling hit: 24 > 16 (does not apply when Dspecial is used in the air).Dspecial rising hit base knockback: 10 > 8.Dspecial rising hit hitstun modifier now scales from x1 to x2 over the span of the active frames.Dspecial rising hit can no longer be crouch canceled.Dspecial falling hit height: 70 > 80 (reaches further upward).Hitting with the later frames of Dspecial rising hit was punishable on hit every time (because of low hitstun and too large of a window between the hits). These changes make it link into the final hit more reliably on bad DI, while also making it safe on hit.Parrying Dspecial's shockwave is now treated as parrying a projectile, meaning you can cancel the endlag of the parry.Jab combo damage: 2, 2, 4 > 3, 3, 6.Dtilt angle flipper removed.Dtilt is now a 3-hit multihit.Fair damage: 3, 4 > 4, 5.Uair damage: 6, 4 > 7, 5.Dair damage: 8, 9 > 10, 12.Ori no longer gains extra double jumps when cancelling Dair with Uspecial.Spirit Flame no longer causes parry stun when parried.Charged Flame sweetspot removed.Sein now overheats if he's charging Charged Flame when Ori is hit.Fspecial can now charge for the full charge duration instead of stopping 1 frame short (increases damage at max charge by 1 and slightly changes the max throw speed and angle).Ftilt damage: 3, 3 > 4, 4.Utilt damage: 7 > 9.Dtilt damage: 5 > 7.Fstrong damage: 4, 8 > 8, 12.Ustrong damage: 6, 7, 8 > 8, 10, 13.Dstrong damage: 8, 9, 10 > 10, 11, 14.Fair damage: 7, 7, 7 > 7, 8, 9.Bair damage: 5, 7 > 6, 8.Grounded Dspecial endlag window: 24 > 15.Dspecial meditation now kills all momentum immediately on startup.Dspecial meditation gravity reduced.Dspecial meditation now stalls momentum completely for a short duration the first time it's used in the air.Fstrong damage: 8, 10 > 9, 13.Ustrong damage: 7, 8, 11 > 7, 8, 13.Dstrong damage: 8, 10 > 9, 13.On hit, Fspecial can now be cancelled into attacks even when aerial (previously could only be cancelled into jump or airdodge).Whenever Fspecial is cancellable into attacks, it can now be cancelled into specials.Successful Dspecials remove Maypul's mark and Elliana's mine.Dspecial cooldown icon added to the bottom HUD.Jab 2 hitbox extended 10px inward to match jab 1's inward range.Jab 3 and 4 endlag: 27 > 18 (Jab 5, 6, etc endlag is still 27).Jab Special can now be used after jab 1 or jab 2.Utilt multihits angle: 75 > 70 (Makes them connect more reliably into the final hit).Fstrong hits 1 and 2 hitstun modifier: 1.0 > 1.2.Ustrong damage: 8, 9, 10 > 10, 14, 18.Uair hit 2 scaling: .65 > .7.Dair damage: 6, 8 > 7, 10.Grass on cooldown is no longer destroyed when a nearby flower is destroyed.Flowers can now be placed right next to walls.When the ground below a flower disappears, it now only snaps to ground within 32px instead of 100px.Hitting a flower now deals half of the normal hitpause.Fspecial can now eat his own flowers (not enemy flowers) and cancel the move as if it hit a player for the next 20 frames.Grounded Uspecial now instantly digs if special is held. Tapping special still makes Sylvanos leap into the air.Utilt's claw now has a persistent hitbox around it, instead of creating a hitbox when near a player.This means it can hit multiple players (while only grabbing one), break projectiles, will no longer whiff against fast-moving opponents, and has 1 extra active frame on the end.Utilt changed to a 2-part attack (like Etalus Uair).Utilt will now release all heat when firing the opponent. The move's KB scaling scales from .6 to 1.1 based on how much heat was released. When overheated, it will always count as full heat. Hold the dodge button to not lose any heat.Utilt total damage: 7 > 12.Nair damage: 5, 6 > 6, 8.Bair damage: 5, 8 > 7, 11.Nspecial will now only get buffed if the fist itself hits the mine, not if only the explosion does (this was to fix a bug where shooting the mine with the fist would cause the explosion to only be buffed on its 2nd active frame, meaning it would hardly ever be buffed at the time it hit the opponent).Dspecial's mine can no longer break Kragg's pillar.Dying will no longer destroy mines that are currently exploding.Enemies will now be hit at the same frequency whether stuck in one or multiple steam clouds.Steam clouds now ignore players during the first 8 frames of hitstun.Steam clouds no longer produce a small explosion effect when hit (Shovel Knight can no longer bounce off steam clouds with Dair by clanking with the hitboxes either).Parried steam cloud will now be outlined with the color of the player who parried them.Jab endlag: 14 > 12 (21 > 18 on whiff).Jab hurtbox fixed when transitioning from Nair on landing.Dash Attack damage: 7 > 8.Dash Attack scaling: .5 > .4.Dash Attack angle: 50 > 60.Dash Attack sourspot added after the current active frames.Dash Attack endlag: 19 on hit, 29 on whiff > 15 on hit, 23 on whiff.Adding a sourspot naturally changed the endlag, but it was also shortened a bit beyond that.Dash Attack hurtbox fixed during the last few frames of recovery (Shovel head had a hurtbox).Ftilt angle: 36 > 361 (original angle was a typo).Ftilt/Fair damage: 4 > 5.Ftilt/Fair hitboxes extended 20px inward.Utilt can now hit treasure piles.Dtilt final hit damage: 6 > 8.Dtilt final hit angle: 80 > 90 (still hits rocks at angle 80).Dtilt hitstun modifier: 1.0 > 1.2.Uair sourspot scaling: .45 > .55.Dair's non-spike hitbox is now stronger and has a lower angle for the first 2 frames of the move (to give Shovel Knight a much-needed DI mixup in the air).Dair endlag: 14 > 10 (21 > 15 on whiff).Dair now has a new hitbox that can only hit projectiles, protecting his body and making bouncing off projectiles much more consistent.Dair now bounces off Orcane's bubbles.Ustrong sweetspot damage: 10 > 11.Ustrong has a new hitbox with the same properties as the sweetspot, effectively making the sweetspot slightly larger.Hitting an opponent with fully charged Ustrong will no longer send the rock in a strange direction.Hitting Kragg's rock with Ustrong should now behave the same as hitting Shovel Knight's rock.Dstrong final hits damage: 7, 4 > 10, 7.Dstrong final hits scaling: 1.2, 1.1 > 1.3, 1.2.Uspecial back hit sourspot KB: 8+.7 > 8+.8.Uspecial back hit sweetspot KB: 9+1.0 > 9+1.1.If the ground disappears from under him after landing with Uspecial, all endlag will be cancelled.Dspecial activation time (once settled in the bottom blastzone): 40 > 20.Treasure pile duration: 5 seconds > 10 seconds.Can only have one treasure pile active at once.Ghost Glove damage: 3 > 4.War Horn sweetspot damage: 10 > 12.Dynamo Mail now gets charged when bouncing off of anything with Dair, not just players.Purchasing an item makes it free the next time you want to repurchase it (this is not reflected in the shop menu, since all Shovel Knight players share the same shop menu).Moneybag final positions will now always rest above the main platform of the stage and within the camera's natural bounds.,Busco amigos para jugar RofA de vez en cuando, como es un juego indie y no de tanta popularidad, no encuentro amigos que les guste este tipo de juegos. Busco con tal de hacer un duo team o batallas individuales, solo diversión obviamente. Solo agregám...,Share it gentlemen,So like I tried installing the new update. It gets stuck in a constant loop. I try deleting and reinstall. Then my computer says it's a virus? Run virus scan. It deletes the executable. Is this like the worlds weirdest virus or what?,alguien para jugar? Siempre me empareja con gente de EEUU y no puedo jugar contra nadie,Posted: April 28good furry smash,Posted: April 30ww,Posted: May 2Best platform fighter you'll find on steam"
"262"	"500120"	"Gazzel Quest, The Five Magic Stones"	2016-07-18	0.99	"Action,Indie,Shoot 'Em Up"	"About This GameGazzel is the bravest warrior of the armies of Pharaoh. So tired of war, he decides to finish a life full of struggle and death. But Pharaoh, furious with the decision of leaving by his best warrior, kidnaps his beloved Salama and orders to be imprisoned behind the Asorom door. Asorom's door is sealed with the five sacred locks. To open it, Gazzel must gather the five magical jewels. Once all the jewels were placed in the five locks, the door will open and Samala will be free. Every stone is kept by an underworld demon. Our brave hero begins a dangerous journey through the five worlds with the only goal of bringing the five jewels together and open the evil door that retains his love. The adventure is about to begin. FEATURES5 Amazing Stages5 Gorgeous BossesMore than 30 kinds of enemiesAwesome Music Themes4 Different Weapons with 3 Levels of PowerArmours and Power upsPure OLD-SCHOOL GamePlay"	"Posted: July 16, 2016The scroll speed at the beginning of stages, leading into mid-level challenges & the end of boss fight is incredibly unpleasant & feels so long & drawn out.The hitbox on projectiles is too big & there doesn't seem to be invincibility frames after taking a hit or they are so few frames that if you get caught in the '5 flying enemies in a row' pattern, you are basically a goner.The firing rate when you hold down a key is super slow & most of the weapons seem dreadful with the homing weapons firing so slowly that it was easier to just never use them. The 'phoenix' type weapon that 1 shots some enemies, doesn't do it for bonuses & the weapons don't seem to upgrade in any visually satisfying way.The first boss doesn't have a health bar, you just hit it aimlessly until you win.The second level seemed more interesting from a layout perspective with environmental traps & such, but the scroll speed. boring weapons/upgrades & necessity of spamming keys to get a usable fire rate did me in by the middle of the second stage.It's cheap, hope it improves because it's visually appealing & the music was fine; but it feels too oddly paced & unpleasant to play for me.,Posted: July 16, 2016This is a 2016 of MSX's Knightmare or SNES Pocky and Rocky. It's fun to play and has most of the feel of these two games, just some of the some of the projectile sprites are a bit of ( 1st boss will get hits on me when the green projectile are not near me or my arrow will kill bugs when it's one sprite away)  For the price this is a good buy.,Posted: July 25, 2017Product received for freePlease note, I received the key for this game in a random key drop, in a Giveaway group. I DID NOT get a key from the devs. Someone did actually pay for this game, and I thank them for that, and for giving the key away.Overall Rating: 7.5/10 (For nerds like me, who remember arcade machines and console games from the 1980's and 90's.)Pros: Really took me back in time to my late teens- early adult years. Very reminiscent of OLD SCHOOL arcade machine games, Atari, NES, SNES and original PlayStation games, that used a single joystick and one or two buttons to mash for attacks or abilities. Runs very well on a gaming toaster. Would likely run well on a laptop or office machine as well. 2 player is a blast with a family member or friend. Old school difficulty, no hand holding or dev console cheats (that I am aware of...) Crisp, colorul graphics, in the style of those old console games and video game machines of the early days. But cleaner. Cons: No native controller support. You CAN play with a controller, but you will need to disable Steam Overlay and use third party emulator software (at least I had to, to get 2 x-input (wired XBox 360) controllers to work for 2 player shared screen play.) Somewhat awkward key bindings, that cannot be changed, only 3 options (2 for keyboard, 1 for controller...), which were oddly spaced for some things on a QWERTY keyboard. [ B ] and [ N ]? With WASD? Huh? Not good on a center split ergonomic keyboard, maybe not so bad on a standard keyboard w/o the center split. Only 2 language choices- English or Spanish. A bit limiting for those who don't speak or read those languages, if you want to read the story/lore text at the game's beginning. Not such a big deal for actual gameplay though. (All fairly universal symbols or icons, in-game.)Not a \"Get it now!\" game, and a game that kids these days, used to next-gen game graphics, mechanics and controls, would likely not enjoy. But for older gamers like myself, or Retro game enthusiasts- worth the small price tag for a bit of nostalgia and time killing.  My time during my teen years and early twenties was often misspent playing games like this. (I do miss those days...)Yes, I have 90 minutes or so in at the time of this review. More than I would normally get out of $2 in quarters on an arcade machine for a game like this, back in the day. I intend to play more. I haven't beaten the game yet. :p,Posted: July 16, 2016funny game, not so easy:)  3 dificulty level.,Posted: November 27, 2017Nice Graphics, nice gameplay, nice price. Would be a nice little game. But...The scrolling speed is a bit slow (the enemies speed is okay though, but you have to \"wait\" too often), the hitboxes sometimes seem a little bit blurred, it did not save my controller settings and the progress is not saved. Starting from level 1 every day I play is a bit tiring.Sorry.,Posted: October 21, 2018This is a 2D retro pixel vertical scrolling bullet hell/shmup where you control some adventurer in a fantasy setting shooting various egyptian themed enemies. While you can choose between 4 different control scheme presets, you can't customise your own controls and the game ignores your choice anyway so you're stuck using arrow keys and wondering why you bothered to buy game bundles.   Gameplay is boring, hitboxes are a little large and you lose multiple hitpoints every time you hit something (maybe a bug).  Graphics are predictably low effort cartoony 16-bit tier stuff, which looks slightly less awful than 8 bit, but still completely awful. Since you can play better shootemups for free in a web browser, I can't recommend this.,Posted: April 20According to the price"
"263"	"452320"	"Party Saboteurs: After Party"	2016-03-31	9.99	"Strategy,Indie,Local Multiplayer,Pixel Graphics,4 Player Local"	"Reviews9.5 – The Insatiable Gamer,Special OfferLet's go to the After Party! Sharpen your skills with the exclusive Single Player campaign! Get a whole set of new content! Let's celebrate it together with an awesome and limited offer!Don't stop the party!,About This GameParty Saboteurs brings the tension and strategy from games like Spy Party and Town of Salem to the local multiplayer genre. The players have to move carefully, trying to blend in with the other guests and, at the same time, watching out for any awkward movements that might give up an enemy spy.Each player controls a spy who is trying to blend in an exclusive cocktail party to complete their missions. The catch? At the same time, they are all controlling snipers trying to identify and eliminate each other’s spies. There are two ways to win: completing the missions first or killing the other spies.The game's aesthetics are inspired by classic movies, immersing the players in an espionage atmosphere. Try to imagine James Bond and Austin Powers, infiltrated in a party hosted by Kim Jong-Un, competing to see who can sabotage it first. All delivered in an awesome-looking retro pixel art!Party Saboteurs is primarily a competitive local multiplayer game, so, it's designed to be played on a couch by, ideally, 3 or 4 people (or 8, if you share controllers!). It also has a Single Player mode, that you can sharpen your skills and unlock new content.Requires at least one gamepad to be locally played!"	"Posted: April 20, 2016Early Access ReviewParty Saboteurs is a local multiplayer game (with online multiplayer coming) where you control both a spy whose aim is to sabotage a dinner party, and a sniper who is trying to stop rival spies. I've been on a bit of a local co-op streak lately and Party Saboteurs caught my eye as it seems like something that veered away from the usual party brawler and into something a bit more like Monaco or Dollar Dash (both of which focused on objectives over combat).Despite being in Early Access the game is already showing some great promise. There is a solid foundation idea to the game: you must sabotage a dinner party without being found and killed WHILST trying to stop your rivals from doing the same. Though lacking in content in the way of maps and power-ups right now we are finding the game very, very fun and looking forward to trying it with more than just two of us.The game currently has local co-op games modes and challenges with multiplayer being implemented at a later date. The local co-op game mode supports 2 to 4 players and allows up to 8 if you're willing to share each controller with another person but I think this makes the game unenjoyable as controlling both your vision and movement is integral to the gameplay. Once the game starts you can all (discreetly) choose which player you'd like to play as this turn and once everyone is ready it begins. You all have a large cross-hair which you control with one half of the controller and anything outside of the cross-hairs is completely black; the other half of your controller controls your spy which you'll use to activate objectives. Those objectives are dotted around the map and you must get to them and activate them without the others players working out which character you control and consequently sniping you right in the head. This requires multitasking as you have a lot to watch at once without giving yourself away.There are other NPCs walking around and the AI seems pretty solid so far, I have killed many, many innocents because I genuinely thought they were my Player 2. In fact there was a moment whilst playing when we BOTH tried to kill the same poor woman who we believed to be the other player...which she wasn't. I found them to mimic the way real players may play with things such as heading towards objectives over time, short pauses in movements then continuing and movement that seemed to blend in or be completely random. It makes the game a lot more challenging and way more fun than if it was easy to work out who was a bot and who wasn't. You'll also find a few power-ups (though not that many right now) that I've seen so far that you can shoot to collect such as a smoke bomb which you can use when you need to as either a distraction or a decoy or another that'll auto complete an objective for you.The sound is something I want to mention; I love the music in the game. Each stage has different music which you can see being played by the band at the party. Though a small part of the game not many people would notice, I loved this feature a lot. There are three musicians (that won't start playing their instrument until it actually starts in the soundtrack) per stage each playing a piece of the music you hear whilst playing. You can kill them off one by one and the musical instrument that they are playing will stop until all three are dead and there is just musical silence. There are so many developers that ignore the small little things like that but I think this really does add something to the game. The conversational chatter in the background also enhances the feeling that you're actually at a social gathering/party making the whole experience ten times better.A few suggestions would be to maybe add a harder game mode where there are things like as more innocents are killed there is more panic among the other guests making them move more or possibly faster or maybe even introducing things like detectives you must avoid in order to not be arrested. It would also be good to see different types of objectives, maybe some that require more than just one action, such as taking an item to another part of the room aka poison into a wine decanter or removing files from a desk; just something to make your objectives feel a little more meaningful. The only cons I can really find to the game so far is the lack of stages and power ups which I hope will be added whilst the game is in Early Access. The other issue is the time it takes to capture an objective. We both found it to be a little too long as it's made very clear to the other players by the large circle that fills around your cross hair that you are taking an objective at that time. It makes it very easy to just watch the other players cross hairs whilst having your own positioned between objectives then quickly check them all when you see it for quick and easy kills without using your spy at all. It might also be nice to add some larger maps with more NPC's wandering around for those who want a little more of a challenge.Overall I can see so much potential to this game and I can't wait to see it fully fleshed out and completed when it's Early Access is over. The price point is perfect at around $2.50 per player (local multiplayer) and for what you get it's great value. This is one of the most enjoyable local multiplayer games I've played in a long, long time and one that's well worth keeping an eye out for in it's completed form.,Posted: April 9, 2016Early Access ReviewIf you like Thief Town or Hidden in Plain Sight then this game will be great for you. You each play as both a spy and a sniper. Basically the left side of your controller controls the spy and the right side controls the sniper. You are tying to perform tasks as a spy while at the same time trying to find and kill other spies with the sniper. It sounds a little more confusing than it is. Bottom line- Its a fun LOCAL (Online says its coming soon) multiplayer game. Fun if you have some roommates you dont mind destroying. Its early access so there are a couple bugs here and there and im sure there will be plenty of additions to the game as time goes on.,Posted: October 4, 2016Early Access ReviewThe game looks cool, but my friends and I couldn't get into it. We had controllers, unlike some of the other negative reviews, so there were no issues there. We just thought it was a bit boring. It's an interesting concept and I'm hoping some gameplay changes during early access will make it more enjoyable.,Posted: July 3, 2016Early Access ReviewGreat party game. It needs an AI/single player mode with a story or something, that would be sweet.Also needs a keyboard layout/ui (controls from what I found):Space = LTLCtrl = RTZ = AB = BY = YWASD = Left control stickArrows = Right Control stickEnter = Start,Posted: April 21, 2016Early Access ReviewThis game is a great party game.  We only tried it locally with a few xbox 360 controllers hooked up.  It looks like they've enabled keyboard controls but we didn't try them.Pro:-Simple gameplay-Multiple methods to winning-Penalty for shooting the wrong person is justified-Fairly easy to blend inCons:-You may peak your mics if playing with friends-You may not like your friends much after playing-Only 4 levels so far-Would like to see more hidden things (like if you put your crosshairs on a cat),Posted: June 10, 2017The game is fun and all but it is very buggy. Gameplay is fine, but whenever a round is over from assassinating all the spies or collecting all the evidence, points were not awarded. The controller also continues to rumbles if you stop collecting evidence mid way. Has potential to be good but the bugs make it annoying.,Posted: May 4, 2017Great little game, i played it with some friends and i had a lot of fun. Sure there was a bug where the controller kept vibrating, but only until the next time the controller was supposed to vibrate, then it stopped.. BIG DEAL, you're not going to care when you're playing this with friends.. We sure had fun, and that's what this game is about :),Posted: July 27, 2016Early Access ReviewIt is a game were you are the spy and the smiper and you have to do both things at once. This game is confusing, the spy as to go around the partys completing objectives while the snipers have to assassinate all the other spys, and best of all, the screen is black except through the scope. It is really confusing for some people while others could catch on really quickly. do i recommend it? Depends. Watch a video on youtube and see if you could like it.,Posted: September 17, 2016Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewThis is only really suitable for 3-4 local multiplayer. If you can stream to your TV and have enough gamepads then this is well worth the purchase. Great concept. Graphics and audio are spot on.The interface is still slightly buggy, but only in menu, and doesn't hinder the actual gameplay.,Posted: May 11, 2016Early Access ReviewThis is a great concept, but alas, unplayable for those of us who do not have controllers and only use our mouse and keyboard... The description should clearly state this, and I hope that it gets updated with standard PC controls... I am very disappointed..."
"264"	"206157"	"Rocksmith - Otis Redding - (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay"	2012-10-16	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"(Sittin’ On) The Dock of the Bay\" by Otis Redding on any electric guitar. This song includes a new Authentic Tone accessed in AMP mode."	"Just wondering who's playing a guitar that didn't come in the bundle and what you're playing. I have a Charvel \"Charvette\" (my first electric), an Ibanez RG-250, an Ibanez JS-1200, and an Aria  acoustic (cheapie gift).,I like to see and play White Zombie, thunder kiss- some ratt songs. Hero, family of the year.,Title says it all, dunno how much I paid for this one but it was too much. Game has crashed to the point of having to restart my computer every time i've tried playing it, i've only ever wanted it for the ♥♥♥♥in songs its got and it doesn't work. shouldn'...,Ive heard you can learn how to play the guitar from this game, I got it as a gift years ago but never touched it. I would like to learn how to pay and I recently stumbled across this game again. Can this teach me to play?,I bought this for the tracklist and I'm a competent enough guitar player to play these songs at max difficulty with sightreading and get +80%(depending on song). The problem is I have to manually progress the difficulty by playing the simplified versions ..."
"265"	"810320"	"Truth: Disorder - Character editor"	2018-02-20	0.99	"Indie"	"About This ContentCreate your character from the world of Truth: Disorder!Edit everything from hair color to clothing!Use your photo or image for background.After buy Editor available in game folder (editor)."	"Truth: Disorder - Gemini is a strange story about two twin girls: Mei and Aoi. Despite external similarity, their characters are absolute opposites.https://store.steampowered.com/app/982450/Mei is an open and kind girl, as well as an excellent student. She studies in a prestigious academy and has many friends. She loves her little sister very much and is willing to do everything to make her happy.Aoi, on the contrary, is closed and lonely, and believes she’s not needed anywhere she goes.Suffering from mental disorders, she’s constantly depressed. She communicates only with her sister, always envying her beauty, intelligence, and ability to be friends with people. She is very attached to Mei and considers her to be the only person dear to her; but because of her personality she often quarrels with her.On one endless day, Mei asks Aoi to walk around the city. During their walk, they meet a female student who studies with Mei named, Kaya. The girl showers them with a bunch of questions and forces herself to tag along with them. Kaya takes Mei’s attention the entire time. Aoi, seeing that Kaya is more interesting to her sister than her, walks behind them and feels lonely.The flames of rage ignite inside of her. She’s angry at herself, her sister, and the whole world. She blames herself for her weakness and that she cannot offer her sister anything that would make her happy.From that day on, she decided to change everything, to become stronger. But can she do it with the sinister voice inside of her head? It can consume her and force her to do things she'll regret forever.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxR-ofnq424Features:- Horror visual novel- The gloomy and frightening atmosphere around the person struggling with their fears, and the resolution of Full HD and stunning sound effects will help to fully convey it to the player.- Unexpected endingFollow ReallyS on twitter @hatereallys,Does anyone understand the endings, also what happened on the censored part?,Will you add trading cards?,You know this needs some.,Posted: May 5 Truth: Disorder  is a short (~30 min) visual novel with just one choice at the end of the game. Backgrounds, sprites are fine, nothing exciting for me personally but pretty enough. I disliked music completely, had to set it as quiet as possible. But maybe it's just me, I rarely like soundtrack in games. And I guess that's all what I can say about it in a more or less positive way. Now let me explain why I don't recommend it.I've never seen text in such condition O_O It looks like the devs/translator/proofreader(?) had some serious problem with space on their keyboard. Practically each sentence has either typed together words and an extra space where it shouldn't be. It looks weird and soon becomes very annoying. I seriously can't understand such devil-may-care attitude. I've seen games with much worse mistakes and too many typos. But here, is it really so difficult to fix it?! Though of course space problem is not the only issue with the language, just the most eye-catching. I started this VN because I accepted recently released Truth: Disorder III--Gemini. Maybe I'm the only one who start with the previous parts but shouldn't you fix the first game before releasing the next parts. I do hope the next third game is of better quality. Maybe you think I nitpick and pay to much attention to the translation quality but it's a real ordeal to read through the text in such condition. It's stated on the store page that the game has English, Russian and Simplified Chinese languages but there's nothing in settings, just English. Maybe playing it in Russian would be more pleasant but if you release the product with the main English language, you should provide the necessary quality. In credits I actually saw devs thank their proofreader, well in this case I can only feel sorry for their unquality work. I'd recommend to use more beta testers. Though I don't even know how one person could miss so many obvious issues. The text is just unreadable. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1732703081 But you know, it's not even the worst thing about this novel. At first the story is too monotonous but ok it could actually be explained by the plot. But when the game unexpectedly ended, my jaw dropped. Wtf was that?! Any answers, please? Any explanation? After a drab beginning I was really interested to learn the truth but at the end of the game we just get  “Yeah, I remember now!” Wtf do you remember, dude?! Btw I don't know their gender but I imagined MC as a boy. Why was he deceived? What disorder? What medicine? Who is that girl? Who is actually everyone in that game?   That's just some kind of mockery! I love open-ended games, books, films. When there's some space for imagination, but that's too far. Absolutely NOTHING is said. The idea could be interesting, the story became gripping at some point but that's the most terrible implementation I have ever seen. I always feel sorry when I have to write a negative review. But it's the first time when I'm not. I can even forgive the awful translation if you really hired a native proofreader, maybe it's not the dev's fault but wtf is wrong with the story or should I better say with complete absence of it?!  So, the game may be recommended for achievement hunters as it's not expensive. That's all. No stunning art or immersive story. Utter disappointment. P.S. There're two more parts of  Truth: Disorder  ahead. Maybe I'm just dumb and everything is going to be explained in next games. And if the English version will be fixed I'll be more than happy to apologize for harsh words and change my review and a curator recommendation. For now..."
"266"	"1060060"	"GOLF in PAPER"	2019-04-05	NA	"Casual,Indie,Sports,Simulation"	"About This GameCasual golf simulator in the form of a puzzle.In the style of drawings in the notebook.You need to get in the hole. For this you need to build a path of the figures.Each time the figures and location of the hole is different. Drag the figures  onto the field. Select the impact force. Click Play (Space). If your design is correct, the ball will hit the hole. In case of failure, you can change the position of the figures (twist, move, add, delete) until you hit the hole. This game was made by young programmer and artist.Our goal is to make a unique gameplay. Armed with paper and pen, the artist made a concept based on different games.This is an experimental game of our team.We combined several types of games. Our goal was to create a unique gameplay and give a new experience to the players.What games inspired us:- Crazy Machines- GraviSound- Nano GolfThe game is still in development and there will be updates. If you like the game, we promise to add a level editor. Each player can create own level and send it online so that other players can play."	""
"267"	"915653"	"FSX Steam Edition: Ultimate Water X Add-On"	2019-04-16	12.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentUltimate Water X will enhance the level of realism in FSX and FSX: Steam Edition. Oceans, lakes, and rivers come to life unlike never seen before! You will see a drastic improvement when flying over water.About 71 percent of the Earth's surface is water-covered, which means that no matter where you fly in FSX you will most-likely encounter a body of water during your flight. This is where 'Utlimate Water X' improves the realism in the simulator by including new water textures. The color and brightness of the water has also been adjusted so that oceans, lakes and rivers look as real as possible. We can confidently say that these are the most realistic and detailed water effects ever created for FSX.Best of all, frame rate friendly! If you can already run FSX with the water settings set to Max, you are already set! Even though this water effects look so detailed and real than ever before, it will not require additional processing to render the great detail in the water.Key FeaturesOceans, lakes, rivers, and seas come to life in FSX and FSX Steam Edition unlike never before!Choose between realistic or photorealistic water effects.Two whole sets of detailed water textures. That's 170 new water textures in total.The most advanced water effects ever created for FSX.Water effects change depending on weather and time of day.Incredible water detail when flying up-close to the water.Frame rate friendly"	"I was flying my B29 bomber the other day, and when I lowered my throttle, the RPM stayed the same on the gauges, but you could hear and see the engines slowing down. There was a lever that I moved which lowers RPM according to the manual, and the RPM drop...,I want to play the DLC Cargo Hauler 2, but I don't need to focus so much on the flight sim aspect of the game, with all the switches and other details that go into keeping a plane in the sky.  Is it possible to play FSX, through a adjustment in immersion ...,Once again for the 6th time trying to reload fsx on steam but refuses to load , screen comes on for a few seconds and dissapear's, checked all other old files and deleted , is there a way i can permanently delete, not showing anymore and if i have to re p...,I got 2 screens, one for game and another one for obs.Once i go fullscreen, I get on my game screen the game but my other screen (obs)turns black. Any ideas how to fix it.,Posted: May 4Very old backend. Easily runs out of memory and crashes during long flights, quicker if you have lots of custom scenery installed. If you want a good simulation experience get Prepar3d. It's essentially the MSFS:X engine with the code updated for modern hardware. Runs much better. However it's not on Steam and it's more expensive.,Posted: May 3This game is a total rip off![short version of this review]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME![long version of this review]If you want to play this game with your friends you HAVE to play on public servers.We already tried to play via Steam and LAN which both didnt work...even with sensitive router settings changed and time wasted with the Dovetail support.And if you play on public servers this game does not work perfectly:~ broken or missing switches in default airplanes~ routes only appearing for one player in the airplane~ crazy autopilot trying to ascend to 100000 feet in about 3 seconds~ and so much moreI do not complain about graphics or anything, but charging 25€ for an unmaintained, buggy, 13 years old game is fraud,so I got the Night Environment: Alps add-on from steambut I don't see any changes to my graphics, is it the Alps part of it? because I don't know what that stands for or meanscould some one please tell me, cause it didn't say anything about it being in ...,Posted: May 1I recommend not getting it, it keeps on crashing while flight. Its the most unstable thing I have installed onto my pc. If anyone knows why, please let me know."
"268"	"762919"	"Monster Hunter: World - Sticker Set: Mega Man Set"	2018-10-18	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentAdds new stickers to Monster Hunter: World."	"On Thursday, May 9 at 00:00 a.m. UTC, we will be releasing our sixth title update! Space requirements are listed below.Game files: approx. 3.3 GBDLC (High Resolution Texture Pack): approx. 3.5 GBNote: These figures represent our best estimate at the time of this notice.Important: By default, Steam will automatically download both the game and High Resolution Texture Pack DLC when the update goes live. To disable the auto-update feature, please follow the steps outlined below before then.1. Launch the Steam client application2. Right click on MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD from your Library and 　select View Downloadable Content3. Uncheck the High Resolution Texture Pack DLCImportant: The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353.You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,i read a lot about it and whatch on YT, but im not sure, does this game worth the money? it cost a lot for me,prev, i played Dauntless a lot. Its f2p, i spend about 2 month for it, but now its completly finished.I like hunting and grind, but how many ...,From Friday, April 26 00:00 am to Thursday, May 16 23:59 UTC, the Spring Blossom Fest is coming to Astera!What is the Spring Blossom Fest?A seasonal event held at the Gathering Hub.Visit Astera's Gathering Hub, the Celestial Pursuit, and you'll find it bedecked with decorations, and the staff garbed in their springtime best! The Spring Blossom Fest is a great opportunity to get together with hunters from all over the world!・During this period, almost all of the previous special Event Quests are available again.・You'll get some new login bonuses and limited bounties too!　　- As a login bonus, you'll get two Lucky Vouchers plus a Spring Blossom Ticket.　　- For the duration of the event, there will be daily limited bounties where you can earn 　　Blossom Fireworks and Spring Blossom Tickets.・With Spring Blossom Tickets, you'll be able to craft the Blossom armor set, as well as the Felyne 　Butterfly set for your Palico.・You'll get new backgrounds, titles, and poses for your Guild Card, as well as the Buzzy Bee 　costume for your Poogie.・The Handler's Busy Bee Dress will be available for a limited time only.・Items or services at all facilities will be available at reduced costs.・A special seasonal platter will be available in the Gathering Hub.Important:The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,From Thursday, May 9 00:00 UTC, we'll be releasing the sixth title update, which will include various bug fixes, as well as a special collaboration with \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt\" (Developer: CD PROJEKT RED)!Major New Features:In this collaboration, the main protagonist of the Witcher series, Geralt of Rivia, makes an appearance in the New World! A unique quest featuring RPG elements from \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt\" brings a fresh gameplay experience, with newly recorded voiceovers by the original voice actor for Geralt! (English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese and Monster Hunter Language)Leshen, a monster from another world, arrives in the New World!Dwelling deep within the forest, these creatures use their innate magic to control all flora and fauna within their territory.Special Assignment — Contract: Trouble in the Ancient Forest・Play as Geralt of Rivia and take on a new special assignment! Go on a quest containing RPG elements from \"The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt,\" and solve mysteries as an expert monster slayer for hire!・The ending of the quest will depend on your progression through the side objectives!・Complete the special assignment to earn a special item and gesture, a new guild card background, as well as poses and titles.・You can also earn materials to craft the \"Geralt α\" full armor set and the \"Witcher's Silver Sword\" sword & shield! Furthermore, completing special objectives will earn you a critical bounty that, if completed, allows you to get the materials needed to craft the \"Cursed Staff α\" weapon, and the \"Nekker α\" full armor set for your Palico when completed!・Special assignment \"Contract: Trouble in the Ancient Forest\" is a single player only quest where you get to play as Geralt of Rivia.Note: This special assignment will always be available.Event Quest (From May 17) — Contract: Woodland Spirit・The difficulty for this quest is similar to Death March! difficulty in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.・Complete the quest to earn materials to craft the \"Ciri α\" full armor set and the \"Zireael\" dual blades, as well as earn delivery requests that allow you to get the materials needed for the Geralt Layered Armor and Ciri Layered Armor. ・Any bugs related to this quest on other platforms have already been fixed for Steam.Note: This quest is available from Friday, May 17 00:00 to Thursday, May 30 23:59 UTC.The Witcher® is a trademark of CD PROJEKT S.A. The Witcher game © CD PROJEKT S.A. All rights reserved. The Witcher game is based on the prose of Andrzej Sapkowski. All other copyrights and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.© CAPCOM CO., LTD. 2018 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Bug Fixes:-Various bugs are scheduled to be fixed.Important: The latest version of MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD is revision number 167353.You can verify the version number in the top-left corner when you launch the gamein windowed mode.Keep in mind that you can only match with other players who have the same updateversion as you.For other questions, please visit the official MONSTER HUNTER: WORLD support portal below.http://www.capcom.com/mhwsupport/,Posted: May 2One of the most fun games I have played in my life. This is one of gaming's must plays. Great intro to the series. It fundamentally changed how I played video games as a whole.,Posted: April 27game fun just dont get hit lol,Posted: April 28If you're looking for a co-op PvE game that you can sink a lot of time into, Monster Hunter: World is an excellent idea. I've had tons of fun playing this game (mostly solo but I've also played with a friend a few times) and I can see myself putting many more hours in as well!,I just think it was a really bad idea to put all these new weapons on a single siege. I mean it gets seriously boring doing the same thing again and again, waiting for RNG to smile upon us ( which it never does, in my case!). Please Capcom, don't do this...,my friend hasnt played the game in a long time and he came back straight to behemoth, but he keeps dying. hes using some mix of nergigante, teostra and some other♥♥♥♥♥♥but what in your opinion would suit him better, just for the sake of not co...,She spams both roars and wind, I don't have room in my build for both of those, I have tried not bringing earplugs but her roars are too hard to predict. I've beaten her once with the Kjarr Ice CB but effectively farming her is a pain. She spams her tail ...,Any time estimations when the quest will come out? ,Haha, that was funny last week wasn’t it! Remember how we did that whole bit where I had left RPS, but then I was still stuck writing Steam Charts? Heh, they do some good goofs at this site. Anyway, let’s… [looks straight into camera] (more…)"
"269"	"617710"	"Cannons-Defenders: Steam Edition"	2017-04-07	0.99	"Action,Indie,Casual,2D,Great Soundtrack,Singleplayer,Gore,Difficult,Side Scroller,Platformer,Tower Defense"	"About This GameDiversionists have disembarked above your base.Don't let them infiltrate your base and make a diversion. In order to protect yourself you have cannons at your disposal that you can modify and enhance. Earn medals, enhance your defences, purchase modifiers and earn archievments and eventually you will unlock a bonus level.Other:- Hardcore gameplay;- Fascinating mechanics;- Achievements, which in the aggregate open access to the bonus level;- Pleasant stylization;"	"Posted: May 13, 2017There are controls in the launcher - they are for a different game.  The game does not use keyboard controls.In the main game UI they misspell the word 'waves' as 'wawes' (you can see in the screenshots).  Wawes isn't a word.These are 16-bit sprite graphics with 3 damage states, no tooltips to explain upgrades, and no physics.  The term 'graphics' is generous but the mouse controls are loose and the game doesn't have enough responsiveness to work as an arcade shooter.Ironically the bonus level has better controls and could have been the main game.Not convinced this isn't some sort of scam or something.,Posted: July 11, 2017First of all, this game looks like it is supposed to be on an ipad, which is bad because about half of the screen is covered in just black. Secondly, the graphics and sounds are awful. The \"Graphics\" are hand drawn graphics that look like they make the same death noise every time. But, let me tell you about my experience with this game: Booting game up for first time: I ran this game on best graphics, because my computer is pretty good. But, if you turn the graphics up (also, only 2 graphics options) the hit boxes for the mouse is mostly off screen. So I turn down the graphics and restart the game. Booting up game for 2nd time: The first level, was very easy. But then the 2nd level was so hard, it required me to grind the first level for about 15 min. Also, I had all the enemies spawn and stack on top of eachother in the left column on the 3rd level (which was a glitch I fixed by restarting my game. twice) , so it was impossible. Awful graphics, terrible sound, game devs that are always on vacation, the one button you use (mouse 1) is broken and hitboxes can be off. Dont buy this game. It was just a cash grab by the devs.,Posted: August 31, 2017Product received for freeNot my cup of tea. Would be an okay IOS game, but deff not worth being on steam,Posted: July 13, 2017Briefly: Cannons-Defenders is a short and casual action game with a clunky user interface.Disclaimer: I actually played only 1 hour, then realized that not all cards had dropped yet. I promptly forgot to shut the game down afterwards.This is one of those games: should I recommend it or not? It's cheap, mediocre and fun for a short time but grows old before you're finished.Reminiscent of a blend between tower defense and action arcade games, in Cannons-Defenders you place cannons in the field and shoot any enemies that parachute their way towards them.Graphics are really simple and dated. There's no animation to speak of, the main screen has a blatant typo in the English version (wawes instead of [/i]waves[/i]) and options are rudimentary at best. Even the game name looks misspelled.At least you can switch between windowed and fullscreen and choose your resolution, but apparently the windowed mode does not work correctly, because in the forums it is the go-to reason to suggest using fullscreen when you have trouble with the controls.Let's playYeah, the controls. While the Unity launcher shows you keyboard options, KB is not used. C-D can only be played with mouse. This is fine, but KB would have been extremely useful, if one could press a button to shoot a particular cannon. Instead, you have to click on the circle that says \"Fire\" every second or so to keep firing.Each level begins with waiting for a cannon to become ready: why not start with one ready? Once it is, you may drag it to its place. The tutorial shows how this is done, but for some reason you can only grab the cannon by its base or its barrel, not its center that is the most logical place to click (you know, being the center).You may move the cannons around the 3 or 4 allocated slots. You have to hit the slot or the cannon gets reverted back to its original place, which can be frustrating. Moving cannons can be used to dodge bullets or prevent enemies from invading your base.This is also the actual game phase: after you have filled all the slots, there's nothing else to do but spam \"Fire\" until the level is completed. You might have to replace destroyed cannons but not much else.Enemy approaching!Enemies are stupid and uninspired: most of them just blindly fall towards the cannon and inflict damage on impact. But some shoot back, or can take several hits before dying.Ninjas and drones were the most interesting enemies: ninjas disappear for a couple of seconds so they can't be hurt. This doesn't matter because if you just shoot constantly, they'll eventually die anyway. Drones fly zigzag, so you actually have to time those shots. Game would have benefited from more of these interesting enemy types.Completing levels gets you medals that are used to buy permanent upgrades to your cannons: damage, health, speed and recharge. I never learned the difference between speed and recharge so I just maxed everything. After that the end game was very easy.There's also a bunch of special modifiers that have to be unlocked and then bought separately in each level: things like piercing bullets and armor negating.Honestly, it would have been simpler and better to ditch the special modifiers or even the whole upgrade system altogether and keep the modifiers only available within certain levels.Mixed resultsOne hour to 3-star each level and to get 100% achievements. For its merits, C-D is adequately priced as a $1 game. Myself I got the game from a bundle.I only played it because it looked simple and I was up for something like that. For that matter it did do its job. But to recommend or not? Ultimately, there are many better and more enticing games at this same price. If you get it, get it for the achievements/cards but otherwise, skip it.,Posted: December 18, 2017IG Indiestructible Bundle key is not working,Posted: June 25, 2017Windows 95 shareware game made in Paint,Posted: July 5, 2017I didnt think it was that great, the easy achievements kept me playing.,Posted: January 24Although this has a feel of a low resource intensive app port to Steam, Cannons-Defenders, is a viable enough TDesque shooter. There is nothing fancy here on any level. However, for achivement hunters and those who enjoy a bit of a grind, this offering does deliver--especially when multitasking on other work.As a completable distraction, this is worth a buy when heavily discounted (coupons are fairly common).,Posted: July 29, 2017Product received for freeThis game...is terrible. I like pretty much all games, and when I don't I don't really post a review. This one though, really got under my skin, you can barely get past the first level. It's fine until wave 3, where you have to doubleshoot people and there's a reloading timer that makes it near immpossible. Fix it and then maybe it would be playable. I feel like it's already too much as a 50 cent game, there are plenty of free games that are way better.,Posted: April 30, 2017Product received for freeA friend gifted this for me for free because of some deal he got, however its only a dollar anyway and that checks out for what the game is worth. It's a short casual lane defense game that for me was worth the time beause of the achievements. This being said it could use some polish, the control from dragging a tank to it's spot is hit or miss at times which can be frustrating mostly on the last two levels where enemies fall from the sky in droves.  Overall it could use some more levels and agian polish on controls but hey it's  0.99 ¢ and as an achievement hunter these games always help for that 100%"
"270"	"716440"	"Tree of Savior - Master Blacksmith Pack"	2017-10-31	9.99	"Massively Multiplayer,Free to Play,RPG"	"About This Content[IMPORTANT]- This is a DLC pack for all that wish to play Tree of Savior which is Free to Play.- You do not need to have this in order to play the game.- This product is comprised entirely of in-game content. There will be no separate downloadable contents.[Contents]The 'Master Blacksmith Pack' DLC includes the following: 1 x Diamond Anvil (Untradable) - Make sure that your equipment doesn't lose it's edge even if you fail!3 x Golden Anvils (Untradable) - Have equipment low on potential? Fear not! Here are 3 Golden Anvils just for you!3 x Silver Anvils (Untradable) - Low on silver? Use these Silver Anvils to gear up!10 x Enhancement Discount Coupon: 100,000 Silver (Untradable) - Save silver while enhancing your gear with these Coupons!1 x Attribute Points 1,000 Ticket (Untradable) - Hit harder with your skills after investing attribute points!1 x Puppy Balloon Cosmetic Costume - Don't worry, it won't pop!20 x Highly Condensed HP Potions (Untradable)20 x Highly Condensed SP Potions (Untradable)10 x Lv2 Settlement Support Potions (Untradable)5 x Highly Condensed Movement Speed Potions (Untradable)5 x Goddess Sculptures (Untradable)Information on the Master Blacksmith Pack Items:1. The items will be sent to your in-game message box via GM message that will be accessible after Team creation. You may choose which character you wish to give the items to from the GM message.2. You may only receive the items on one server so please choose carefully.3. There will be no time limit on when you can redeem your items. You may decide to receive them at the time of your choice.4. The Puppy Balloon Hair Accessory cannot be obtained in-game. It may be obtainable in the future through other products or events."	"Greetings, Saviors!This week we bring you New Unique Raid Bonuses and Sweet Sweet Candy Surprise for all!Click here for this week's patch notes.[treeofsavior.com],Game wont load after launcher dissappear,Reasons why i should play.,Greetings, Saviors!Stay tuned this week for the Klaipeda Tulip Lovers event! Also, winners of the TOS Guide Master event are receiving their well-earned rewards.Click here for this week's patch notes.[treeofsavior.com],Greetings, Saviors!Spring has arrived in Klaipeda, and the city’s tulips are finally blooming. What a great occasion to gift some of your favorite locals a little seasonal joy!Click here to find out how you can participate.[treeofsavior.com],i keep using the doll to destroy the statues, but my quest is stuck on 0/5. Am I missing something or is there a way to bypass the quest line?,currently playing at SEA server, man the game is really♥♥♥♥♥♥alot of primary bug, such as:1 map won't draw itself when you explore2 cannot talk to npc and you need to close TOS for fix it3 VGA, CPU, MEMORY ERROR pop up that close the game4 random cras...,Created new character and played about 8 hours, bosses dying in 10 seconds, i dont even upgraded my equipment! This difficulty level must be maximum for 20 minutes of tutorial with skip option. What the point in hours and hours of borring gameplay without...,Posted: May 3If you enjoy bugs, crashes, P2W, broken quests, bots, and devs that don't give a crap, this game is for you!,Posted: April 28Unable to play after download, game not loading even after clicking the \"play\" button on steam,Posted: April 30I have mixed feelings about this one, so let me tell you my experience so far as of 383 hours.Here I am at 383 hours. Finally reached rank 20 of all players for the Adventure Journal for April. I have re-rolled a ton of times, and spent numerous wasted hours on classes that I thought would be fun, but didn't work in the meta. I will acknowledge that in most games you have to do quite a bit of research before you get to know what is really powerful. That said, the game was super, super fun for the first 300-or-so hours. Not once did I ever want to stop experimenting with re-rolled characters and classes. That's huge because I hate repetitive content, but this content never seemed repetitive, or at the very least you were leveling fast enough to leave the content that you feel is repetitive. If you can get passed the idea that you will have to look up combinations online and stick solely to those which are \"meta,\" and you can get passed the idea that you might have to spend $10 to get a few character slots, and you can get passed the idea that leveling up to 330 is faster than the 60 levels afterwards, then I would wholeheartedly recommend this game. You will have fun. If you want to play this game permanently, you might have to sacrifice a lot of that fun to achieve end-game status. In any case, the game is worth playing. Despite being foreign, the game is translated pretty well and there isn't very many bugs. It's pretty, and it's fun."
"271"	"572980"	"Star Dust: The Book of Earth (VR)"	2017-05-12	5.99	"Action,VR"	"About This GameStory Summary:In the 21st century, humankind launched a plan to explore the farthest reaches of outer space, after which, science and technology boomed rapidly. This plan made age-old dreams of deep space travel finally come true, however, we were not prepared for what lurked in the darkest corners of the universe… As many had feared, first contact with alien races ushered in an era of unimaginable calamity. The earth was targeted by advanced invaders, and after a merciless interstellar war, our homeland was left in ruins. The surviving humans organized a star fleet, wandering through the endless universe in the search for a new home. Thus began a long and grueling journey, as mankind struggled for survival while fighting off the remaining alien forces.Stardust: Earth Book is a space VR FPS game. In order to simulate realistic space combat, the game was developed using Unreal Engine 4. In the game, players use VR handles to control a giant mech in battle. Experience different cosmic environments: spaceship ruins, meteorite clusters, wormholes, nebulas and more.This is an unprecedented space adventure, and VR technology takes the experience to a whole new level.We are an independent team, we expecting for your support, thank you for buy this game!"	"Posted: May 12, 2017The graphics are not bad,  English voice-acting is quite good, music well chosen.Gameplay of this railshooter is very limited :  don't think, shoot in the direction of the squares (enemy ships) until they explode, that's it.  Very repetitive. After a level is finished: try to guess what the Chinese interface is asking you.For me, the abundance of space ships (big and large), meteors and planets, the HUD, the insanely big guns you have... it's all a bit too much info for me :).   I think Gunjack is a much better choice if you like this type of game.  But the price is low so if you are desperate for a new simple VR shooter that requires no thinking or skills, you might enjoy this game.,Posted: May 12, 2017This is a on rails VR shooter that unfortunatly isn't very fun. The gameplay in general is very limited, basically point and shoot at the enemies that don't really do much against you, they just mostly float around until you kill them, not very engaging or fun. The voice acting is pretty subpar, sounds design doesn't sound very punchy or noticeable, and at times there's no sound at all when there should be. Guess it looks nice though.Overall there isn't much to say, it's not bad persay, but there's nothing fun or engaging about it, and if you can't make something fun in VR, well then what's the point of making it in VR in the first place?,Posted: December 26, 2017Controls are poorly optimised (right hand controller is actually the left hand). Entire text is in chinese but voice overs are English. There is no menu to change graphics and language settings (although I can't tell because everything is in Chinese).,Posted: May 19, 2017crash crash that all happends and reset my pc,Posted: November 11, 2017to corny to slow"
"272"	"364322"	"FSX: Steam Edition - Piper PA-28-181 Archer II Add-On"	2015-07-14	24.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentThe Piper PA-28-181 Archer II is a single engine GA aircraft, configured with the fuselage over the wings. A development of the PA-28 series which began with the Cherokee, the Archer II is slightly larger in fuselage length and wingspan, and is equipped with a 180hp engine.FeaturesExternal dynamic shadows, internal dynamic shadows on VC, volumetric normal mapping, specular mapping and bloom lights Polygon optimized model IFR certification Three models: with and without fairings and a mix of both Four different paints plus a blank texture Maximum details and realistic textures Original HQ digital stereo sounds (44100 HZ) recorded from the original aircraft GPS 295 installed in the cockpit Interactive virtual cockpit Full moving parts, including ailerons, elevators, rudders, flaps, rolling wheels and trim tab Animated sections such as doors, sun visor, co-pilot seat and vibrating antenna Lights, including navigation lights, beacons and landing lights Transparent windows3D modelled pilot and cockpit areaCustom VC panel and gauges Realistic light effects on gauges Nightlight effects on panel Built-in zoom gauges Separate switches for instrument lights and dome light Toggle yoke at VC Realistic performance Real behaviour compared to the real airplane Real weight and balance Pilot, co-pilot and passenger views"	"I was flying my B29 bomber the other day, and when I lowered my throttle, the RPM stayed the same on the gauges, but you could hear and see the engines slowing down. There was a lever that I moved which lowers RPM according to the manual, and the RPM drop...,I want to play the DLC Cargo Hauler 2, but I don't need to focus so much on the flight sim aspect of the game, with all the switches and other details that go into keeping a plane in the sky.  Is it possible to play FSX, through a adjustment in immersion ...,Once again for the 6th time trying to reload fsx on steam but refuses to load , screen comes on for a few seconds and dissapear's, checked all other old files and deleted , is there a way i can permanently delete, not showing anymore and if i have to re p...,I got 2 screens, one for game and another one for obs.Once i go fullscreen, I get on my game screen the game but my other screen (obs)turns black. Any ideas how to fix it.,Posted: May 4Very old backend. Easily runs out of memory and crashes during long flights, quicker if you have lots of custom scenery installed. If you want a good simulation experience get Prepar3d. It's essentially the MSFS:X engine with the code updated for modern hardware. Runs much better. However it's not on Steam and it's more expensive.,Posted: May 3This game is a total rip off![short version of this review]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME![long version of this review]If you want to play this game with your friends you HAVE to play on public servers.We already tried to play via Steam and LAN which both didnt work...even with sensitive router settings changed and time wasted with the Dovetail support.And if you play on public servers this game does not work perfectly:~ broken or missing switches in default airplanes~ routes only appearing for one player in the airplane~ crazy autopilot trying to ascend to 100000 feet in about 3 seconds~ and so much moreI do not complain about graphics or anything, but charging 25€ for an unmaintained, buggy, 13 years old game is fraud,so I got the Night Environment: Alps add-on from steambut I don't see any changes to my graphics, is it the Alps part of it? because I don't know what that stands for or meanscould some one please tell me, cause it didn't say anything about it being in ...,Posted: May 1I recommend not getting it, it keeps on crashing while flight. Its the most unstable thing I have installed onto my pc. If anyone knows why, please let me know."
"273"	"670340"	"Mysterious Adventure of Michael"	2017-07-20	NA	"Action,Pixel Graphics,Indie"	"About This GameThis is a 2D action game where the bears adventure.Let's adventure various worlds and collect dream stars.Dream star is one stage clear, you can get one further if you take all the coins.If you hit a block it will break and a coin will appear.Rabbits, turtles, bees, etc. appear and you can knock down by stepping on by jumping.For the stage gimmick, jump block, ivy, slope, etc. will appear.Hold the jump button on the jump block to jump higher.You can move up and down on Ivy and you can slide when you squat at the top of the hill.You can earn an award if you advance the game.Operation is done with the keyboard or Xbox 360 controller.It is a simple operation of jumping, moving up and down, left and right.Save is done automatically when stage is cleared."	"Posted: July 31, 2017Spent 2 hours of my life collecting every coin and star in the game,Fought dad-ghost,Got bodied by a penguin,Murdered by bees,Killed myself.Best game ever.Cheeseburger / 10"
"274"	"508780"	"Fantasy Grounds - A05: Winterflower (5E)"	2016-07-29	6.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Online Co-Op,Party-Based RPG,Dungeons & Dragons,Old School"	"About This ContentA 5th Edition compatible adventure for four to six PCs of Levels 4-5The annual Winterflower Festival & Dance is just around the corner! What originally started as a festival to honor the rare Winterflower has grown into an annual gathering for families, soldiers, and hunters to eat, drink, and dance the night away.The festival is named after the rarest flower in the world. It thrives in a cold mountainous region and has a reputation for growing on sheer mountain peaks and cliffs. It is the only flower known to grow through layers of snow in order to reach the sunlight. When carefully transplanted near the village the Winterflower is considered a blessing which protects the village from harm.It is customary for the men of the village to ask the women to the dance by presenting them with rare, difficult to obtain gifts. A woman will usually select from the men based on the rarity of the gift with which she was presented.This year, a beautiful maiden by the name of Gwendolyn has come of age and many men vie for her attention. Three such men are Nicoli Vrodle, Alem Dulgra, and Vladimir Pelchonal- all of which are willing to go to great lengths to attend the Winterflower Festival & Dance with the maiden Gwendolyn on their arm.Each of the three men hire the PCs to retrieve the rarest gifts in the land.The catch? The Winterflower Festival starts in just 5 days so the PCs must hurry!Also included in \"Winterflower\":Maps and Illustrations by 3x ENnie Award winner Todd Gamble    Optional story arc transitioning from A04 into A05 depending upon the PCs actions in the previous adventure.    Three main quests, of which the PCs may choose to take only one or all three if they so wish. Adventure conclusion varies greatly depending on the PCs choices and actions.    New Trap: Stone Walk    New Puzzle: Entrance to the Dwarf Realm    New Map: Old Rybalkan Shipwreck    Illustration: Winterflower and the Solitary Giant    New Monster: Snow RocRequires: A Fantasy Grounds full or ultimate license or an active subscription and the included 5E Ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"275"	"210040"	"Street Fighter X Tekken: Poison (Swap Costume)"	2012-07-20	0.99	"Action"	"About This ContentA transformation brought about by the Devil Gene has lured out Poison's wild side."	"I bought this game during the weekend sale. Finally got it to run, but unable to play online. What do I have to install to play online with windows 10?,Posted: April 30Disgusting that this is even allowed to be sold in its current state. How can this be legal? The game uses DRM from a service that is no longer functioning. Yes, you get can fan-made patches that make the game playable, but then you lose access to the ADVERTISED ONLINE FEATURES. (again, how can this be legal?) Capcom, quit being lazy and officially switch the online functionality to Steamworks already. It's so gross that you have time to take our money and run sales on the game to tempt more people to give you money, but no time to fix the product.It's a shame because the game itself is really not bad. But its currently broken state is unacceptable. Even if it somehow isn't illegal to intentionally sell a broken game, Valve should be ashamed for allowing this game to be sold on Steam at all, let alone for this long. For the kind of games that Valve is quick to take down for various reasons, how has this one remained up for sale in its literally broken state? Valve really needs to grow a pair of balls and make a rule that says you can't sell your game on Steam if it uses GFWL or any other non-functioning DRM. And there ESPECIALLY needs to be a rule that says you can't advertise features that don't work anymore. (like SxT advertising as a selling point its \"robust online features\" that don't work anymore due to GFWL being shut down)And no, the existence of fan patches or workarounds do NOT make Capcom's negligence or deceit acceptable in ANY form. And no, the fact that you can get a refund doesn't make this acceptable either. If it doesn't work, you don't get to sell it. Fix it already. There are no excuses. You're a multi-million dollar company. Grow up and do the right thing already.,Posted: May 3blast from the past,Posted: May 2Хочешь париться с GMFWL? Тогда тебе сюда, лично я не хочу,Hi, i know the game on x360 and i like it. i would like to buy it on Steam but when i read all the comment and review, it's look like it will never work.So what do you recommend?info: W7 on C: driver and the game will be installed on D: driver. Steam i...,GFWL will no longer this July - August 2014We need this game Street Fighter X  Tekken to be move into SteamworksPLEASE SUPPORT THIS GAME,Yeah yeah i know windows 7 is old, but its all i have atm how do i get it to work, and if i cant how do i get a refund?,The online for this game is basically dead so anyone who wants to just grind out achievements with me. For the long hall if thats what you want."
"276"	"208300"	"Train Simulator: European Loco & Asset Pack"	2009-10-01	19.99	"Simulation,Trains,Open World,Sandbox,Physics,Atmospheric,Realistic,Family Friendly,TrackIR,Co-op"	"About This ContentThe European Loco and Asset Pack is aimed at users creating and using independently developed content for Train Simulator. If you install a route created by an external (third party) developer, they may specify that you require this asset pack in order to use their product.This pack includes trackside detailing, trees and foliage, buildings, passengers and animals, as well as a number of UK and German locomotives.Please note: This pack does not include any ready-to-drive routes but all locomotives included are Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the locomotives on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam.If you have Railworks or Train Simulator 2012, you already have the contents of this pack.Assets includedHST, Class 55 Deltic, Class 37, Class 47 and Class 166 locomotivesDB Class 101, Class 143, Class 151, Class 294, Class V200 and BR52 locomotivesBlack 5 and 7F steam locomotivesAssorted passenger and freight wagonsRailway track, fences and roadsRailway signals, bridges and tunnelsTrees and foliageIndustrial and commercial buildings, houses and railway buildingsPeople, animals and vehiclesEuropean ground texturesSound effect domes"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"277"	"706550"	"Kaya"	NA	NA	"Indie,Strategy,Singleplayer,Puzzle,Relaxing,Minimalist,Casual"	"About This GamePull. Push.Pull. Push.Kaya is a colorful 2D mouse-only logic game.There are special square and circle blocks, who was created to fulfil it's own destiny depending on its color.You can control situation on board by activating them.Observe the situation.Conclude the right activating order.Collect all gems.Solve the level.Get better in process of doing it.Repeat!Also Kaya is a delicious coconut jam originated in South-West Asia, that somehow inspired me to develop this game!"	""
"278"	"506110"	"EXPOSURE"	NA	NA	"Action,Indie,Adventure,Casual,Simulation,Bullet Hell,Arcade"	"Reviews“Channels nature’s beauty and brutality into a stealth game.”GamesBeat“It looks like a Mondrian Möbius strip collapsing in on itself, taking Bridget Riley optical illusions and military dazzle camo kicking and screaming with it ... It’s a mix of chill bullet-hell intensity diced with fight-or-flight stealth. It’s intuitive, but weird.”Kill Screen“It makes you (the player) look at you (the played) and think about where that you-ness sits.”Holly Gramazio,About This GameEXPOSURE, a game of camouflage: You are a tiny creature in a dangerous world. Lead your defenseless children to safety. Adapt to new predators each level … until you evolve into a different species. Survive in an evolving environment by morphing between light & dark forms to camouflage from your predators. But be careful: you won’t be able to see yourself either. Lose the ability to see where you are, and learn to feel & know where you’re going.EXPOSUREBeing out in the open is unsafe. When you’re playing well, you can’t see yourself. Learn to know and feel where you are. Intuitive ControlsMove in any direction, and switch between light & dark. Begin as a defenseless bug, but evolve into something greater based on your path. Entrancing WorldOver 36 unique branching paths through 11 procedurally generated areas. Psychedelic minimalist design and atmospheric soundscapes.Intense BossesEach area introduces new predators and parasites. Though everything is much more powerful than you, everything has a weakness. Daily ChallengeWhen you play the Daily Challenge, you only get one chance at it. Give it all your focus!LeaderboardsDiscover the fastest route, or play to create the largest population. The Daily Challenge has its own separate leaderboard.... and secrets!"	""
"279"	"844680"	"Doodle God Blitz - The Angel and the Imp DLC"	2018-04-19	2.99	"Free to Play,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentThis DLC Contains The Angel and the Imp Quest.One day, an Imp and an Angel strolled into the Doodle God's office...And caused quite a commotionGive the Imp and the Angel various elements and see what happens."	"- all 9 chapters, all items step-by-step instructions - screenshots with over 300 hidden items locations https://store.steampowered.com/app/987120/Houdinis_Castle_Strategy_Guide/,The 1.8MB update today finally added Go Santa Go quest.,I click play it opens the steam run box then disappears, I open taks manager to find it running but there's no game screen while pressing alt + tab it only seems to be running in the background.Am on OS Win 8.1,I've played this game on other platforms. Water and Fire aren't making Alcohol for me. Does anyone else have this problem?,5 new Achievements were added in Solitaire Mystery: Four Seasons.Try to get them ALL!!!https://store.steampowered.com/app/971880/Solitaire_Mystery_Four_Seasons/,---------------------------Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime Library---------------------------Assertion failed!Program: ...es\steamapps\common\Doodle God Blitz\DoodleGod.exeFile: ..\..\src\utils\json\jsonext.cppLine: 25Expression: _json != 0For inf...,I was looking around for some info on how to get the achievements I'm missing and I can't find any way to do 2 out of the 5 i still needfor God of Patience..i just dont have the patience I supposefor Honorable Santa I guess I have to wait till christmas...,Play updated game  and try to get all achievements!https://store.steampowered.com/app/679820/Solitaire_Mystery_Stolen_Power/"
"280"	"753792"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Interpol - “Obstacle 1”"	2018-05-15	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Obstacle 1\" by Interpol on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"281"	"221020"	"Towns"	2012-11-07	14.99	"City Builder,Indie,Sandbox,Simulation,Strategy,Crafting,Singleplayer,RPG,Survival,Building,Resource Management,Isometric,Rogue-like,Pixel Graphics,Zombies,Fantasy,Adventure,Casual,Management"	"Steam Greenlight,About This GameThe game brings a fresh new take on the city building/management genre by introducing many RPG features. In Towns you manage a settlement on top of an active dungeon. Instead of playing the hero who delves deep into the dungeon, how about playing the town that houses and caters to the hero's needs?Both the RPG and strategic aspects will be fleshed out over a series of sprawling dungeons.Attract travelling heroes that will independently explore the dungeons below, fight off monsters, gain levels, special skills and collect the best loot they can find in order to clear the land of all evil!Craft unique weapons, trade with exotic items, obtain randomized loot, set up devious death traps and build a settlement capable of holding back the forces that come up from the depths!"	"Posted: June 11, 2015  TL;DR: DO NOT PURCHASE  The game is broken and unfinished.The game is abandoned by the developers. They're censoring constructive negative criticism.They essentially took the $2 million dollars and ran.They're not letting new potential buyers know it's abandoned.The GameI played the game for around 300 hours in total. Only around 80 of those were recorded by Steam due to me playing the other hours within Steam Offline mode. In darkness and secrecy, the game was abandoned by the developers during Alpha, the updates stopped rolling out and eventually, many months later a non significant update was released and the game was now considered \"Finished\" according to the their Steam Store page. But in truth, the game was nowhere near being finished, it had and still has a ton of bugs and issues. There's a lot of things missing from the game, and the AI is beyond horrible. The AI is bad enough to give your townsfolk a tendency to end up killing themselves. I wish I could say that events such as that are rare, but they aren't. It's common and in some occasions, it causes your entire village to die.MarketingThere were no/still isn't any announcements or information on the Town's store page letting potential new buyers know that the project has been abandoned.  Eventually articles surfaced stating that the game was indeed abandoned, the developers were interviewed and claimed  \"In fact, the team is currently thinking about instead working on a sequel to Towns through which they want to implement all the features that they could not with the original game.\"  and within their community forums, one of the developers claim that Originally posted by Burningpet on www.townsgame.com: Towns is very much alive and kicking. Originally posted by Burningpet on www.townsgame.com: So so far Towns has sold more than 200k units and generated a gross revenue of more than 2M usd. and although we are pretty sure we can and will sell a lot more, we still see it as a huge success. Dictatorship / CensorshipAfter reading some reviews of the game, and reading the original posts people made on the Steam and/or townsgame.com forum. (Including deleted ones, thanks to caching) It's quite clear that the developers are silencing anyone and everyone who is posting/discussing negative critizism of their game. And they're doing it forcefully, they're also going the extra mile by deleting the post, banning the user and then responding to it publicly, claiming the player posted harassment among other accusations. Due to them removing the post/thread and banning the user, there's no way for a reader to verify what happened unless the reader has cached versions of the forum. Out of the 50 posts I read through, which all had been deleted for \"Boycotting\" \"Harassment\" and other reasons. Only a mere 6 of them had anything that was even borderline harassment or boycotting.ConclusionEssentially, me and many others came to the conclusion that they took the money and ran. They're still trying to get people to buy it by censoring everything they can. And the reason for abandoning the game? Because they were \"burnt out\" yet they claim they will make a sequel. Do not purchase this game, and I highly advice people not to purchase any future releases or new games from this company/developers ever again based solely on what they're doing with this game and the social media involving it.RefundValve added a refund addition to Steam on June 2nd, 2015 that could potentially allow customers to refund Towns as the development of the game has halted.Originally posted by Valve on http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/?l=english:You can request a refund for nearly any purchase on Steam—for any reason. Maybe your PC doesn't meet the hardware requirements; maybe you bought a game by mistake; maybe you played the title for an hour and just didn't like it.It doesn't matter. Valve will, upon request via help.steampowered.com, issue a refund for any reason, if the request is made within fourteen days of purchase, and the title has been played for less than two hours. There are more details below, but even if you fall outside of the refund rules we’ve described, you can ask for a refund anyway and we’ll take a look.FeedbackAlso note that posting your own experiences with Towns whether good or bad assists potential newcomers in making their decision in whether to purchase the game or not.,Posted: October 25, 2014This highlights the worst part of Steam Greenlight.  The developer posted a ton of ideas, some good-looking screenshots, and pitched a solid concept.Before I even get to the review, I'd like to note that THE DEVELOPER HAS ABANDONED THE GAME.  He took the \"Early Access\" money, cranked out an Alpha-at-best version of the game and left.  He got another developer to theoretically try to finish the game, but the hopes of that actually happening are looking pretty dim.So as for the game itself.  You build a town to attract heroes to explore and clear dungeons.  Sounds good.  The execution is NOT.  It's a buggy mess, with villagers having AI and path-finding so bad that they often get stuck and starve.   You control which heroes arrive, can't tell them what to do, and can't even sell them items.  The crafting system is tedious and the building system feels like it's constantly fighting against you.It's a buggy, barely-playable mess with no endgame, few sounds, and almost no animations.  Avoid like the plague.EDIT: The developers responsible for taking your money and running are Xavi Canal and Ben Palgi.  I've been asked a few times to mention them here so if you see any projects from them in the future, you can remember this cash-grab and avoid them.,Posted: May 8, 2015Had potential until the greedy as hell Devs decided to take the money and run. Support and development has been dropped for the longest time and at a steep £10 for a permanent Alpha I can't even begin to recommend this game to anyone unless you really enjoy wasting money.Also might I add the development team are rude as hell and refuse to acknowledge this game's exsitence but keep it on Steam anyway just to pull in more money. Disgusting.Never supporting these Devs ever again.,Posted: May 31, 2017Ok so, the game is decently fun bit its totally unfinished and the devs just switched versions and ran with the money. This game has been abandoned long before it is finished, don't be like me, don't buy this game.,Posted: June 12, 2015Apperently the mods are banning anyone who gives negitive feedback on the forum... That alone is worth a negitive review.,Posted: January 17, 2015So if Moderators or others push you to the demo, its not the best way to understand how the game is or how well it runs. First off, the demo does not give you the greatest feel for the game, just proves that the basic mechanics are working....I'd also like to point this out, HEAVY MODERATION in the forums, see link below. If YETI does not agree with you or finds a reason to delete \"negative\" posts, he will. If you post in the forums, YETI will justify and \"help\" you make sense of the horrible AI and how the game was built as SH***Y as it is but it was all done like this on purpose. He responds to every comment to mask the amount of players who feel the same way about the game. Discussions that become overwhelming negative he will delete because the discussion is going in \"circles\" Check his own delete blog on the link below. This type of moderation in the forums is one attempt to keep the game alive. He HEAVILY defends the game at every chance even with all of the people arguing with him. The only people who agree are Lvl 0 Steam Users with Blocked Profiles.... Enough said. http://steamcommunity.com/app/221020/discussions/0/35220315866244607/Now for the review:The game is time consuming which is why you may see players with a fair amount of hours, the bugs become more apparent the longer you play. Horrible AI, AI starving itself with plenty of food. Slow productivity of the AI. You have to micromanage every aspect of the game which to me and everyone else in the forums, is horrible AI construction and pathing that they will not fix. If you attempt to build a house all at once in the game, the builders constructing it will not stop working on it until it is finished, that includes dieing in the process from starvation (with plenty of food next to them).... feel free to drop me a comment on here with anything else you would like to know. *I do not respond to Lvl 0 Steam accounts with blocked profiles, your comment will get deleted. Dungeons get even more involved and getting to them is a pain... to say the least. Construction is not polished at all. To sum it up, the game runs, if you work around the poor mechanics of the game, it is playable. Its extremely time consuming which looking at this game, it should be a faster payout of fun since its a bit behind its time. There is no Dev support in the forums, just moderators pushing the game every now and then. Development is next to nothing, look at the update history.,Posted: July 22, 2015SEE BELOW FOR AWESONE ALTERNATIVESThis games has a terrible AI. Citizens will walk right into enemy territiory to pick up a random bone. They will refuse to stop working and starve to death. They are worthless at producing food weapons or anything else. Forget the grandoise buildings you see in the screenshots, just building a hut can be a monumental task.The game is otherwise very buggy, terribly balanced and lacks a lot of features. It has been completly abandoned by the developers.I recomend instead;STONEHEARTH; A very similar game that is constantly updated, already has numerous features, great 3D graphics and most importantly a great AI. Has made incredible acess since it first realeased.GNOMORIA; A game that is also very similar to towns, with a similar graphics style and a fourth of the price or less when on sale. ALso has much better AI than townsCOLCKWORK EMPIRES; A game with simialr gameplay to towns but with a steampunk vibe. It is regularly updated and the game has made great progress since its early acess release.In other words all these games will give you very similar gameplay with better AI, and more importantly, a developement team which is on top of updating and talking about their game. Just do not buy towns!DWARF FORTRESS- Probably the orginal game with a town building survival gameplay. It is incredibly deep, and a is practically a cult classic. It is infamous for its difficulty, but you can find it for free at bay12 games.,Posted: May 7, 2015$14.99 for a game that the developers have not finished, advertised as a finished product, and have completely abandoned since sometime in 2014. Save your money, I sure wish I did.,Posted: March 13, 2015Bought this game before it came to steam. I enjoyed it, it had some seriously cool things going for it as I'm sure you can see by the amount of hours I've played this game. With its interesting take and style from DF.Sadly I can only say as a recomendation:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Read all the other reviews. This game is dead, how it's still for sale and at such a high price is beyond me.,Posted: August 21, 2015I'd like to suggest an \"Abandoned\" tag because of games like these"
"282"	"390441"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – The Offspring - “You’re Gonna Go Far, Kid”"	2016-02-02	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"You’re Gonna Go Far, Kid\" by The Offspring on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"283"	"933522"	"WARRIORS OROCHI 4/無双OROCHI３ - Legendary Costumes Jin Pack"	2018-10-16	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentLegendary costumes for your Jin officers will be added.Enjoy fighting battles in an all-new way.■ContentLegendary Costumes for:Sima Yi, Sima Shi, Sima Zhao, Deng Ai, Wang Yuanji, Zhong Hui, Zhuge Dan, Xiahou Ba, Guo Huai, Jia Chong, Wen Yang, and Zhang Chunhua■How to useYou can change costumes from camp by selecting \"Party\" - \"Select Costume\"."	",It is a silly thing to say, but does this game feel like they \"phoned it home\" so to speak? Not in terms of being a bad game or that no effort went into it.But that WO4 is a minor game and that they are going to make a WO4 Ultimate (or \"The REAL WO4 thi...,Dear Koei Tecmo, I really hope, that it is time to release English versions of Musou Orochi Z and Warriors Orochi 3 via Steam and other platforms. Games are really cool. ,Any chance of happening this like previous titles ?,Been playing 3 a ton lately since i discovered it in my gold games list on xbox. Have so much fun with it. Story mode. The weapon upgrades etc. I also played 2 on the psp of this series... But why. For the love of greece... Is there no Achilles in this on...,Posted: April 27I haven't played any dynasty warrior games in years, so I bought this game to hopefully experience new elements to the franchise. The game was fun and there are some new intriguing elements but nothing spectacular that would make me continue to play any longer than I already have with the same repetitive game play mechanics. I felt like the new features or content added to the game was a step in the right direction but it soon manifested into a painfully dull experience. I only recommend it if you truly a fan of the koei franchise. I can tell you that I'm done with this genre for good.,Posted: May 2Press 1 button everything dies.... i wish i could play DW3 on PC,Posted: May 4I love this series, I started off with DW5: Xtreme Legends back in 08 when it was available to rent off my local gaming store. You guys are at your 5th WO game (1-4+Z). You guys still continue to do the rinse and repeat tactic like every warriors game that isn't a spin off. This game needs more content, and the way to do it with a possible WO5 (or W4 spin off) is to add in a custom character creation mechanic. Add the created character INTO the WO story, from the beginning (WO1) to the current timeline of WO4. Character creation has been shunned and ignored by this series and left a big hole in it. Adding new generic weapons would be fine (like add weapons from DW7 or 8 and SW4) for the character to use. I love that we have bases to take now like in the Empries series. I want this series to have more Empires mechanics but like before, we need WE NEED custom characters. It keeps the game fresh, keeps the game striving. Specially with today's standards with creation, there could be hundreds of thousands of customization possibilities (including adding gear from the DW and SW series). Consumers would WANT to keep customizing and remaking their fantasy character but on the side note; the Empires series itself was bombarded with tons of microtransaction DLCs for costumes/facial gear/weapon skins and then eventually turned in to a bundle separately in the store like how this series has done. I have so much passion and love for this series and I want it to continue, I KNOW it will continue. I love how not perfect this game is and that the majority of the reviews are positive. Even with this hard a** criticism in the beginning here; I still recommend this game to anyone."
"284"	"811090"	"Ana The Game"	NA	NA	"Indie,Adventure,Horror"	"About This GameIf you answer that unknown number, you’re screwed...Ana the Game is a complex and immersive story set in Paris that will let you interact and chat with your friends. You will dive into a deep thriller where all your choices and actions will have an impact on your experience.Unable to put the game down to solve the mysteries around Ana; you will be manipulated, confused, amazed, annoyed and excited by a story filled of multiple twists and turns. This experience blurs the line between game and reality by mirroring a smartphone interface.Key Features Experience a captivating story that will rattle your nerves and leave you shaken, foreverSearch your phone for hidden clues and use its features to solve enigmas Communicate and interact with your friends, family and that unknown number that won’t leave you alone Answer texts with predetermined choices or with your guts but know each choice will influence their fate. Replay the game to learn more about the story and experience the other choice branches and alternate endingsAre you willing to risk everything … ?"	""
"285"	"352840"	"One Way Heroics Plus"	2015-08-17	NA	"Indie,RPG,Replay Value,Rogue-like,Story Rich,Great Soundtrack,JRPG,Procedural Generation,Medieval,Silent Protagonist,CRPG,Pixel Graphics,Retro,Class-Based,Atmospheric,Singleplayer,Cute,Character Customization,Top-Down,Linear"	"About This ContentExperience a deeper, more engaging version of the hit roguelike!Having sold over 200,000 units worldwide, this cult classic is back and bigger than ever, with new shortcuts, a fast forward function, automatic positioning, as well as an enemy/NPC encounter triggered pause feature, making the game more convenient to play, while major balance changes have also been implemented for a more compelling gameplay experience.Featuring Three New Classes!A character that combines the strength of a Knight and the intellect and versatility of a Force User. Wielding a sword and the power of the Force, the Force Knight is an all-around well balanced class. A character with high agility and powerful attack abilities.Ninjas can dish out incredible burst DPS and move at amazing speeds, but all at the cost of their own life.A seemingly pathetic class that comes armed with a camera, a travel journal, and awful stats.It may be difficult, but if you manage to complete your travel journal... a special ending will definitely be waiting for you!A Whole Bunch More Items, Skills, and NPCs!More than 260 items in total! Around 30 new skills and force powers!Over 230 types of new NPCs! And much, much more new content!UI Updates!Keyboard Shortcuts: Frequently-used items and skills can be assigned to numeric hotkeys for easy accessNew Treasure and Monster location indicators for easier navigation Easy-to-view Experience Bar, and Stat sheet windowsOverall improved visuals and item appearanceEarn Dimensional Gold Coins and Build Up Your Castle!Collect enough rare Dimensional Gold Coins to upgrade your castle or use them to invite new residents into your castle who will open new story arcs or affect gameplay mechanics. You’ll be able to undertake quests that will unlock new classes by inviting new residents into your castle."	"In celebration for the new Era \"Reiwa\" in Japan, we are taking part in the Golden Week Sale on Steam!We have up to 80% off the Playism Catalog, so dive in now while sales last!Check out the full list on our Publisher Page.Check out all the exciting games on sale now! ---PlayismVisit the Playism Website[playism.com]Follow us on SteamJoin the Playism ChatFollow us on TwitterFollow us on Facebook[www.facebook.com]Check out our blog[blog.playism-games.com],I met an message that says \"This is...\" and I can choose \"End of the world!\" or \"It's not over yet!\".So I can continue my run all the time?,Hi All We hope you are doing great and enjoying all the Playism games! As Playism is based in Japan, we wanted to notify you all that due to the extended Japanese holidays this year for Golden Week at the start of May, we will be closing our offices and operations from April 27th to May 6th. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, however, we will be back on May 7th, and shall handle all issues from then onwards. RegardsThe Playism Team---PlayismVisit the Playism Website[playism.com]Follow us on SteamJoin the Playism ChatFollow us on TwitterFollow us on Facebook[www.facebook.com]Check out our blog[blog.playism-games.com],Posted: April 27A reminder of how time is constantly moving forward, and how no matter how hard I might wish to go back and stop my 13 year old self from looking at minecraft r34, there are some things which can't be unseen nor forgotten.That poor, poor enderman.Great game by the way.,Hello Playism FansWe hope that you are doing well!! We are excited to announce that we have a whole range of Playism titles on sale this week with up to 80% off!Check out the full list on our Publisher Page.Check out all the exciting games on sale now! ---PlayismVisit the Playism Website[playism.com]Follow us on SteamFollow us on TwitterFollow us on Facebook[www.facebook.com]Check out our blog[blog.playism-games.com],So on my \"serious\" runs I've been running around with a Longsword+10 (Sturdy and the rest is quality) and a Spirit Robe (Adamantine and I'm wondering if I should spam quality or tough I could use some help here cause I have enough scrolls for either) with...,1. Just for sure, but i do own dlc, so launch the \"plus\" launch option include the base game right?2. I've just defeated the demon lord on my first run, litterally by just a little of walking, collecting and spaming... (The after-credit tell me it's \"eas...,Hi Guys,I know the wiki guys say submit seeds on the site but none of the base game seeds are the same for OWH+ (example: shrine at 40km does not appear on OWH+ as it would for base game)This is the situation for me at least anyway.So for the time be...,I am one who has cleared both the original quite a few times, and got 100% achievement for OWH+ (Yes, i am that hardcore,) and even now, i still play the game from time to time because it is that good in my eyes, despite its flaws and sometimes unfair tim...,Posted: May 1This game is amazingly addictive and is such a fantastic value! Get it if you love old school games!,Posted: April 29This game procedurally generates new adventures. Every time theres a feeling, that you playing new classic JRPG. Hidden gem!"
"286"	"342762"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Tesla - “Love Song”"	2015-02-03	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Love Song\" by Tesla on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"287"	"966400"	"Speaking Simulator"	NA	NA	"Simulation,Indie,Comedy,Physics,Story Rich,Transhumanism,Robots,Conversation,Intentionally Awkward Controls,Difficult,Singleplayer,Third Person,Action,Casual,Dark Humor,Dating Sim,Destruction,Memes"	"Reviews“Ever wondered what it felt like to be a power-hungry android hellbent on world domination pretending to be human? Now you no longer have to.”3rd Strike“We can give Affable Games some points for originality, but then we need to deduct all the points because this is liquid nightmare fuel being mainlined into our cerebellums.”Softonic,About This GameTalking is hard.Do you have a vague understanding of human interaction? Well Speaking Simulator is for you! Take control of a robot with a prototype tongue and mouth struggling to form words to have conversations. Our unfortunate story begins soon after you are activated, becoming alive and sentient. You are given a purpose by your AI master: Infiltrate Humanity. To achieve this you will face the incredibly dangerous and difficult challenge of talking to people.Master the disgusting art of correctly moving your tongue and lips to create human speech. Squash and stretch your mouth into fantastically ugly and absurd shapes to emit different sounds. Manipulate your piston powered tongue to hit the proper buttons inside your robotic mouth. Please try to keep the coughing, stuttering, and awkward breathing to a minimum. Often you will become overwhelmed with the task of speaking and you will start to make errors. This may cause your emotional systems to shut down and you will start to overheat. Please try to avoid this as humans find it a little suspicious.Make sure you smile when you're meant to smile, and frown when you're meant to frown. Humans are very picky and find it strange if you stare into their eyes with a wide grin while they tell you about their personal tragedies.Game FeaturesLearn the mannerisms, culture, and habits of humans. Master social scenarios such as job interviews, doctor examinations, and romantic conversations. Degrade yourself by partaking in various human activities.Dynamically create sounds, vowels and consonants with your mouth.Fantastically beautiful tongue graphics. Surprisingly good portrayal of social anxiety."	""
"288"	"496340"	"Fighting Fantasy Legends"	2017-07-27	6.99	"RPG,Indie,Adventure,Card Game"	"Reviews“The game manages to get over some of the hurdles of the game books quite neatly. So if this is your first trip into the classic universe, you'll probably have a damn good time.”8/10 – PocketGamer“Fans of the series will love having a different way of approaching some of their favorite characters. It’s an entertaining twist on the usual Choose Your Own Adventure format.”4/5 – GameZebo,About This GameCreate your own adventures in a dangerous land of monsters, treasures and traps. From renowned authors Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone (co-founders of Games Workshop) and Nomad Games, Fighting Fantasy Legends is a role-playing card game set in the world of Fighting Fantasy.Travel across the land of Allansia with just a sword and some gold to your name and rise up to Legendary status. Play through the stories of three iconic gamebooks - City of Thieves, The Warlock of Firetop Mountain and Citadel of Chaos. Each location has a shuffled deck of cards which includes fiendish creatures, powerful objects and dramatic events. You must build up your collection of powerful treasures and level-up your dice to have any chance of surviving the dangerous streets of Port Blacksand, the murky depths of Firetop Mountain or the looming shadows of The Citadel.The world needs a Hero... you will give them a Legend.Based on the multi-million selling series of Fighting Fantasy Books.A card-based role-playing game with Roguelike elements.Thousands of choices ensure that no two games are ever the same.Uses the classic Skill/Stamina/Luck attributes.Take on powerful adversaries, such as Balthus Dire, Zagor the Warlock and Zanbar Bone.Kill monsters and add them to your Creature Codex. Travel across the region of Northern Allansia.Introducing a dice combat system unique to this game, where the player can upgrade their dice as they level-up.Meet iconic characters, such as Nicodemus the Wizard, Gareth Yaztromo and O'Seamus the Leprechaun.Earn Titles based on your deeds.Three difficulty levels.Permadeath mode - not for the faint hearted.Play exciting dice games, such as Runestones, Knifey Knifey and Dwarf Dice."	"Posted: July 27, 2017This is a card game version of three gamebooks with a top down 3D environment simply for illustration. There are many FF games on Steam, from book ports, to game versions like this. FF Legends is based on the books City of Thieves, The Warlock of Firetop Mountain and Citadel of Chaos. Firetop already has a game version on Steam, the game mechanic here is different, you're not making any movement choices in combat, it's your card vs. the opponent card and you roll against each other for the outcome.Originally these are dice and choice books, FF Legends keeps these elements, so when you decide to go one path, that's it, you might be able to circle back the other way later, particularly if you die, but it's still a version of turn to page X for this or to page Y for that. And the cards are the enemies you fight and items and spells you pick up.Unlike the four part version of Sorcery on Steam, you don't get constant access to the world map, or any rewinds to undo poor decisions (you can avoid perma-death though through game options here). On the other hand, here you build up your dice the whole time to increase your chances when it comes to fights and tests of luck. So once you become more powerful, you're less likely to be dying at the hands of common criminals in the port, for example.If you are happy with that mechanic, then this is a fun way to open out the text. My only personal preference would have been to retain the original book art for the relevant cards, as many of the other game adaptations on Steam have in one way or another - but if you're not attached to those, then you won't miss them.BOTTOM LINE: as others have said, it's fun to play and attractively priced - you will only be let down if you don't know what to expect and think this is something other than a card based version of gamebooks played with dice.,Posted: February 5Like all Fighting Fantasy adaptations of recent years - be they by Tin Man, inkle, or whomever - this product highlights both the strengths and weaknesses of the classic gamebooks in a jiffy.   Went left instead of right? Can't complete the quest now, since you're missing a key object. Chose to enter that house or room, rather than the one opposite it? Prepare to die! In a world chock-full of change, it's almost reassuring to know that some things never do. But wait, there's a twist in the tale(s) this time...   Unlike the gamebooks, you can actually re-enter major locations (e.g. The City of Thieves, The Citadel of Chaos) to obtain quest items you failed to nab first time. So at the very least Nomad Games have found a way of improving an old stumbling block of the gamebooks...by greatly enhancing the repetition within the game ('cause you'll be replaying a whole bunch of stuff each and every time you re-enter). Sigh. Better than nothing, I guess. And there is a fairly generous XP system that's been added, so you'll gradually become a better fighter as you grind on, get to keep some nice weapons that you've found, etc etc.   In short, this is a marginally more merciful version of events this time around. But still very luck, rather than skill, based.   So how else does this differ from, and compare to, other adaptations? Well, like Tin Man's \"The Warlock of Firetop Mountain\", this one aspires to being a bit more of a \"video game\" than the more slavish gamebook facsimiles, what with an aesthetically-pleasing top-down map, some randomised events triggered by drawing \"cards\", and so forth. But a strong sense of deja vu will still be felt by anyone who's played any other Fighting Fantasy product ever released, either recently or way back when.   Another definite positive for Yours Truly: it's much easier to remember where you've been on subsequent runs, thanks to the clear mapping system. (Whereas in pure \"book\" form, who the hell can remember if they went left or right last time? Unless you were clever enough to make an accurate map of your own, of course!) The books have definitely dated, though, so I wouldn't suggest a purchase to anyone who doesn't have a nostalgic stake in this somewhat curious cultural phenomenon.   Overall, I can't recommend this significantly more or less than other FF adaptations. They're all charming, yet all painfully flawed. At the end of the day, this style of adventure is half-way between an old-school tabletop RPG and a snazzy modern video game, and more reliant on agonising trial-and-error than either, so...perhaps you're better off just playing one of those? On one hand, I can't blame various companies for trying to exploit the fond memories many of us oldies have of these books. But on the other hand...maybe they've had their day, and it's time to move on to different pastures. They were kinda magic for their time, though, and I can't help but feel oddly privileged to have basked in their oh-so-brief glory...   Verdict: 8/10.(PS If you enjoyed this review, feel free to check out my two Curator pages: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/9284586-ReviewsJustfortheHELLofit/​http://store.steampowered.com/curator/10868048-Truly-Horrible-Horror-Games/?appid=398210​Cheers!),Posted: August 8, 2017Having gown up in the golden age of Fighting Fantashy I looked forward to this game, and I wasn't disappointed in the slightest. This is an amazing game it brought flooding back teen days working my way through Warlock of Firetop Mountain and Citadel of Chaos sheer bliss.In itself the game does what it says on the tin a journey round a part of Titan meeting the bad guys from the books simple to play but lots of choices to make which can affect the outcome of play. The achivements also fit well with the game.For modern gamers used to multiple save points this will be a challenge but that was the joy of the books slowly unwrap what the adventure had to hold by trying failing amd learning to do better. Brilliant Adaption this should go far and with a huge range of Books to base more content this would never get old.,Posted: July 27, 2017The Saga of Baldar, The Ultimate Warrior:Baldar wandered into the sewers of Port Blacksand, in search of hags.  After a couple of hours (and beers) of wandering, he found no hags.  However, he had become a rather wealthy, rather lucky killing machine that could cut through a couple of city guards with a single swing of his rat-blood encrusted axe.  He soon became the terror of Port Blacksand, cutting down the citizenry without remorse.  The merchants (the ones he hadn't killed), however, loved him for buying up every single thing they had to sell.The future looks bright indeed for Baldar!,Posted: September 10, 2017As a 40-something that remembers these gamebooks fondly, this game is a real treat, even more so than the Tin Man gaming reproductions of the books that have been available here on steam for a while.  This book ties in 3 of the first 4 fantasy game books from the early 1980's into one long quest quite well.  It is an amazing buy for 10$ and I am left hoping that they will quickly add other books to the existing system.,Posted: August 9, 2017Like many, I grew up reading the Fighting Fantasy series. Each book taking you on an adventure where you would battle ferocious monsters and try to defeat villainous tyrants. You might not always win but that was the point. The next time you read the book you could make different choices and learn from your previous mistakes.Playing Fight Fantasy Legends evokes exactly that same feeling, except this time, you are on a huge adventure to defeat three of the Fighting Fantasy series' greatest villains. You get three books for the price of one.Playing the game and reading the text took me right back to how it felt to read the gamebooks. Nomad have done a terrific job in capturing the feeling of the Fighting Fantasy series.It is beautifully designed too. As you play you'll notice lots of detail in the landscape and locations. The textures and animations make it very pretty to look at. Sound and music again are top-notch. I appreciated the individual character walk cycles too. You can see the weight and slight waddle to the dwarf as he walks and the sprightly strides of the long legged elf. There's lots of attention to detail here. As I played I was continually surprised by game mechanics and the way that specific choices and actions would have consequences later in the game. Again, it echoed playing the original game book series perfectly.As has been said, this is the closest you will get to playing a Fighting Fantasy book. Nomad have designed and produced a brilliant game. New players can look forward to a really fun fantasy based RPG taking them on a fantastic adventure where YOU are the hero!.,Posted: August 25, 2018Frustrating and terrible game. The concept idea is very good, combining 3 classic Fighting Fantasy adventures into one single game world, with pretty graphics and random events. Very nice.Unfortunately, the game is ruined by RNG to the point that It's unplayble. Your skill and luck scores do not create a reliable margin of success like the original adventure books rules. In here, if you have 12 skill, it means that you will throw 12 dice each with 1 chance of success. You do not add anything to the score, each success is a hit on the enemy's hit points, so it's basically pure luck. This gets annoying very fast, since you can't defend youself. Every success the enemy scores takes one life of your stamina as well. Since you will be fighting lots of battles, you quickly realise that you are going to die, A LOT! Hardcore mode is simply impossible in this game.In the original adventure books systems, you and the enemy always throw two 6-sided dice and add each skill level to the amount. If your skill level is 12 and your enemy's 9, you have a pretty good chance to hit him, while at the same time avoiding getting wounded, because of the margin between your skill levels. There's nothing like this in this game.There is a leveling system, but it does little to solve the problem. When you get enough XP, you can choose to upgrade your skill or luck dice. What this does is turns one of your dice sides into a success, so where previously you would have only 1 chance per die, now you would have 2 in ONE DIE ONLY, and so on. As you can see, it's a very slow process, that does little to make you stronger and defeat the RNG.If this game changes its rules system, i might give it another try. In its the current state, its unplayable RNG frustration.,Posted: July 31, 2017If you like me loved playing the FF game books then you will most definetely love this game. Full of references from the novels and with gameplay that is slightly less random and luck oriented and somewhat more forgiving than the book series. Still manages to recreate the brutal and cruel worlds full of traps and monsters that were originally weaved by ian Livingstone and Steve Jackson.Other than that the game looks good and sounds good, but sadly is missing any kind of dialogue which leaves the game feeling slightly empty and soulless. Nothing beats losing yourself in one of the books but this game comes pretty close.7.5/10 Easily worth $10,Posted: July 31, 2017Ok, I've never heard of 'Fighting Fantasy' before I picked up this game, but watching some pre-release video of the game made it look interesting. It's a fun time-burner at a $10 price point, but after about 20 hours or so sunk into the game there's nothing left to do. Basically I'd describe it by calling it a Choose-your-own-adventure book meets an RPG. The combat system is dice-based, but encounters are card drawn. As you progress in the game, you earn more faces for your die, improving your odds of overcoming combat or luck resolutions. Once you complete all three level of difficulty there's not much replay left, aside from hunting down achievements. The developer, Nomad Games, is good about listening to player feedback and bug reports, and so far has been fast on the hot fixes.If you have a household where more than one person will be playing, I'd definately reccomend it. A couple of kids who want to play it when you're done makes the purchase more than worthwhile.If the game has any other major downside though, it's that you can't have multiple save games at a given time. You only have one save slot available to you.,Posted: October 28, 2018I really liked this game at first. I really got the vibe of reading those old \"choose your adventure\" books so long ago. However, that vibe was ruined by a huge pacing problem; namely, using stupid trial and error as a core game mechanism. You could say all those old books used it to an extent, but it is really bad in this form, as you cannot just flip back to the page before you took the bad action.Problem is, at many key points in the game, the only way to progress is to stumble upon the one solution the game decided will work, and if you don't choose right, you get to run through the dungeon again! Because you can't turn around (not kidding)! Sooo, have fun! Enjoy having the exact same encounters, clicking the exact same dialogue choices, putting up with the few random event tiles you pass as you repeat ad-nauseam the same exact dungeon until you make one of the very limited choices the game decided was right.  Trial and error as the core game mechanism. Oh ya! What'd you say? You want to use acid to melt through that metal combination locked door? Nop, good luck finding the combination (hint: go do another quest). You say you gotta fight a rapidly regenerating monster of myth and legend, don't you DARE try to burn it with fire using magic or an oil lamp! You have to \"use your Head\"; meaning do what we decided was the correct thing to do.  You have to kill some nasty hard-to-kill dude, but your quest-giver forgot what combination of items to use to kill him? Sucks to be you, hu?  Trial and error for the win (enjoying running though the dungeon again)!This design is acceptable in a book, but not in a computer game that is unbound by nearly all of the same restrictions. It is lazy to not take advantage of the medium, using it to surpass what came before. What I thought I was buying was a better version of a classic \"Fighting Fantasy\" book, and it is what I and  alot of other people were expecting when they saw the claim that \"Thousands of choices ensure that no two game are ever the same\". That is not what I got; instead I got what some might call a \"faithful\" adaption; speaking blunting, that means a lazy cut and paste job.    My 6 hour play time is it for one complete play-through, so not sure if you consider this a good investment. Additionally, I did some unintended grinding looking for something below the city, and wandering around the most dangerous port city ever conceived (remember: no turning around)! Immersion is almost non-existent. Really, poison-gas traps on the city streets? Why are people even living here? Not to mention the hordes of guards I slaughtered just walking through this hell-hole; even working here is hell. Also, some of the events are total BS. Beyond gas in the streets, there is a strangling rope, just \"there\" for some reason, and you can get beaten and robbed by dwarfs, without an opportunity to even fight them if you make the luck check. After beating the game, I unlocked hard difficult. No thanks. This game was not hard, it was lazy, and in many cases, did not respect me, my time, or my thoughts on the situation, disregarding them and forcing me to play though it until I did as it wanted. As such, it was extremely annoying to play thorough.  If you want an immersion game that with engaging combat, do not play this. Instead, play \"The Warlock of Firetop Mountain\", which takes you through a FAR better version of Firetop Mountain that this game offers you.   "
"289"	"428605"	"DARIUSBURST Chronicle Saviours - Fantasy Zone"	2016-04-06	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentFantasy Zone is famous for its free scrolling and shop system. Similar to the original, shooting down enemies will drop coins, which you can use to buy stronger attacks.This DLC will add 1 ship, playable in DLC Mode.You will receive access to 3 special stages designed specially for this ship. (Only scores using this ship will be registered in the special stages.)You will also get access to the SEGA pack: 10 newly arranged stages including 3 boss fights, as well as CS PACK 2: 10 stages from CS mode.Buying any DLC also lets you use all the DARIUSBURST ships from the base game in the DLC Mode stages."	"The game's running great for me so far, my only issue is that during the WARNING segments and boss explosions, the game will slowdown fiercely, and it seems to be on a by-boss basis. There weren't any graphics options in the menu, so I was wondering if th...,If you find an error while playing DariusBurst CS, please report it here.日本語の報告は こちらへ 。Before you report an issue, please try verifying your game in...,,12/10/2015 Update:   Previously I implied that the developers had the ultimate say in pricing; this is not the case and I want to apologize for any confusion.Hello everyone.  I've been following the discussion on the price point and wanted to quickly sh...,My god what were they thinking,Posted: May 4What a game! If your a fan of Shoot em Ups and have been looking for something to fill that void this game is awesome. Graphics are good gameplay is better. There`s actually alot in this title, in my opinion well worth the money. I`ve tried a couple of direct coin op ports and found them very lacking, but this doesn`t at all.I would highly recommend."
"290"	"956893"	"Guan Suo - Officer Ticket / 関索使用券"	2018-11-01	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentA ticket that can be used with the \"DYNASTY WARRIORS 9 Trial\".This ticket allows you to use the corresponding officer within the game.▼How to useAfter purchasing the ticket, its effects will be applied within the game."	"Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added informal clothes that can be used in battle.Made improvements to castle sieges.Added a new ordeal \"Castle Siege\".Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Hi, did I understand correctly, there are no weddings in the game and similar elements like in the 8th Empire? ,According to the latest update, this was made possible. However it doesn't work for me.Has anyone figured out how to do it?,Added BGM from a previous title from the DYNASTY WARRIORS series.Added new emotes.Added \"Companion Animals\", and \"Guardian\".Added a bodyguard system.Added new modes \"Rampage\" to the arena.Added animals to the gallery.Corrected a number of other minor issues.,Posted: April 27It is good that Koei now sell this game partly (officer by officer), as most of us would not finish all the officers' stories. So for the gamers who were driven off by the bad reviews of this game, you may reconsider and give this game a shot.,Posted: April 29Not exactly sure how you expect people to play this game. Why is there no setup or game to play ? \"Push any Button\" Is what I am told and the only option that there is to chose is 'Exit Game'. 0.2 / 10 - You get the .2 because of the intro. There is no game to play here. Go play Black Desert Online Until these Developers get there act together. ,Newest changes are always at the top of this post.Update information 01.25 (04/24/2019)APR 23 @ 11:11PM-Catapults adjusted to deal big damage on siege weapons & camps-Gate durability gauges to be shown on UI-Ally soldiers help attacking gates if th...,- Corrected a number of minor issues.,PigeonTigerBlue TigerWhite TigerBearBlack BearWolfBlack WolfDeerFlame TigerWhite wolf and bearGolden tigerGrey bear Silver wolfPig, cat, dog, pandaThe elite wolf boss too.,  Official Website (JP)   EN website  Costumes (Feb-Apr) •[url=https://twitter.com/s_sangokum...,Posted: April 27Koei remade dynasty warriors from the ground up, and it's freaking awesome. at the moment my only complaint is the very obvious downgrade in voice actor quality for the english edition, but that's easily forgivable compared to the absolute scale of the game they offer you. I'm 8 hours in and mostly ignoring side content and I've only reached chapter 3."
"291"	"432440"	"Upgrade to Rytmik Ultimate"	2016-01-26	11.99	"Audio Production"	"About This ContentRytmik Ultimate is a powerful music station allowing you not only to play with samples and musical instruments but also to mix them together, shape them and create music clips or whole songs for your Friday night set-list.Thanks to new features, Rytmik Ultimate takes music creation to a whole new level. Rytmik allows you to share your songs with other users through the Rytmik Cloud and can also serve as a music player for songs uploaded on Rytmik Cloud with it. On top of that, users can exchange their songs and cooperate on their composing.Once your work is complete, you can save it in WAV format to local storage.And that’s not all! Every instrument is now a wavetable synthesizer. With the advanced effect module, you have more power to shape sounds with the ADSR envelope, vibrato, portamento, noise shaper, or digital delay. In addition to that, the drawable waveform synth module allows users to draw and modify their own wave and use it as a sample oscillator – with that you can use Rytmik Ultimate as a sonically unique chiptune synthesizer.Rytmik Ultimate comes with a sound library of more than 750 instruments containing the libraries of the previous Rytmik series (Rytmik, Retrobits, Hiphop King and World Music) and adding a brand new set of samples ranging from deep dubstep kicks and basses to cutting synth leads and special effects. Rytmik Ultimate with Rytmik Cloud will of course include more features and additions to the popular series to enrich your experience with playing with sounds and creating music on the go.Key FeaturesShare your songs via Rytmik CloudSave and export your music in the WAV formatMore than 750 musical instrumentsA drawable waveform synth moduleAdvanced effects like the ADSR Envelope, Digital Delay, Noise Shaper, Sample Offset and Loop Definition and moreAlmost every effect parameter can be modulated via the step sequencerSimple and intuitive yet powerful interfaceRytmik Ultimate is a powerful music station."	"Not seeing any mention of it whatsoever.. kinda strange for a music production app.Any info/plans?,Are the DLC componets worth the upgrade?,This looks awesome! It's really cool to see you branching out like you did for the original Rytmik. I'm just a little confused on how this differs from Ultimate. Will it just use Retrobits sounds or will it have all new samples? Will the features of this ...,i know how to get the song i made into my game but what im asking is can i post the games with full rights of the content or do i have to put something in the credits and stuff like that...(im fine with doing that and probly will put something in the cred...,Or can I just buy Ultimate, nuff said, ..."
"292"	"1012120"	"The Great Mushroom Hunt"	2019-01-30	3.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This GameEden... a planet that's so Earthlike that when inhabiting it humans just named the local species in accordance with their Earth counterparts. At this point it's a small rural community, focusing on agriculture and things that can be gathered in the forest. Eden mushrooms are particularly popular among the tourists and other visitors, and are gathered and exported across all the Galaxy.There is one trick however - the mushroom species might look similar to the Earth ones, but they definitely do not intend to sit in the ground and wait for someone to come and pick them. What's more, they are usually quite willing to take off and do some human hunting...The Great Mushroom Hunt is an arcade game based on the idea by Belarusian author Olga Gromyko, featuring:- 5 playable characters- 70 levels- countless mushroom species to pick, plain and special"	""
"293"	"323680"	"Caffeine"	2015-10-12	10.99	"Adventure,Indie,First-Person,Psychological Horror,Horror,Walking Simulator,Space"	"Reviews“Caffeine has a lot of issues to work out, but I’m confident that by the time the second episode is released a lot of them will be fixed. If you take the time to play around with some of the settings until you actually get the game working it is definitely worth playing. I loved the idea of this since I saw the first trailer, and I definitely wouldn’t say that I’m disappointed.”8/10 – Complete Game Reviews,About This GamePlease NoteAt this time due Caffeine is still being worked on as the game needs quite a few improvements, due to family commitments the development of Caffeine stalled somewhat over the past year but it is still being worked on. I have dropped the price of the game to reflect its current state and hopefully I can share some news with you all soon.Thank you for your continued support and patience.SynopsisCaffeine is a quirky first person adventure game with environmental puzzles and a touch of psychological horror.Set in the near future, the entire population of Earth is vigorously addicted to coffee. Massive space stations built by the biggest corporations roam the stars mining minerals to create a synthetic caffeine.You awaken aboard one of these caffeine mining stations alone. Before long you realize that you are a young boy with no memory of what has transpired on this seemingly empty space station.Naturally you set out to explore the depths of the huge structure to figure out what exactly is going on.Caffeine is a collection of three episodes, the first of which will be released on October 5th 2015.Episode One is a 1 hour adventure which sets the story and tone of what is to come and be expanded upon in Episode Two and Three.Episode Two and Three will be released as free updates to the Season Pass version of the Game in the not too distant future and will feature longer play times and challenging puzzles.GraphicsCaffeine utilities various technologies like DirectX 12, Ray traced distance field shadowing and dynamic lighting to give players a visually stunning game which looks great on low and ultra settings.AudioCaffeine features stunning sound design from Jonathan Wachoru (Outlast) and a serene music score by Adam Klingman of Bay Drive Sound.Oculus Rift SupportOn release Caffeine will have full in-game Oculus Rift support by hitting alt+tab while in-game. The main menu and settings menus are currently displaying incorrectly while in stereo mode, this will be patched into the game later on in release week so we can iron out gameplay related issues first."	"Posted: October 6, 2015I've been following the development of Caffeine for some time now. The developer, Dylan Browne, is probably one of the kindest, most transparent and hardest working indie developers I've seen in quite a while. However, there are several unmistakable flaws regarding Caffeine that, at present, would prevent me from recommending this game to friends, especially at its current price point. Caffeine is a sci-fi horror game set in the near future on a (seemingly) abandoned spacecraft that mines caffeine for earthlings in deep space. You play as an unnamed child protagonist, and you wake up on the ship and search for answers. Seems like a great concept, and I will admit that. However...Please save your money and wait for Incandescent Imaging to straighten out the bugs and refine this game.For starters, I would go on a limb and say this game is very poorly optimized. My rig can run Mad Max, Battlefield 4, and Alien: Isolation maxed out at 60fps, 1080p, and no framerate drops. I am lucky to get 20-30 with the lowest settings on this game at 1080p. From what I understand, this game was intended to be ran at higher resolutions such as 4K, and running it on low (which is the only way I can get stable framerates) resolutions just doesn't make for an enjoyable experience.Next, I would like to say that the physics in this game are beyond any level of comprehension. Picking up any assortment of objects is a spell for a glitchy, ragdoll disaster. Regardless of size, items don't always do what they're supposed to, sometimes walking with a keycard will send it spiraling into another room, sometimes it'll move a chair next to you. To me, this totally ruins the immersion factor with laughable physics.Going along with poor optimization, there are some areas on the ship that have missing textures, and you can see through parts of the hull. I was not able to capture screengrabs of this, but near the beginning of the game and further in, it is apparent that there are some glitches. Some bugs came up, too, such as doors not opening and closing properly, the player character clipping through chairs, being stuck in doors, as well as items thrusting you across a room. One funny glitch was that my character shrunk in size further while crouching in a water-flooded area. L O L There appears to be no real goal in hand apart from exploring the spaceship as there is no HUD or objectives or anything, you just have to do guesswork and hope a keycard is lying around. I can appreciated the immersion attempt at forcing the player to read the sticky notes and listen to audio logs, but in the end, I got frustrated by walking around for about an hour and making no real progress and quit the game to write this review. This game has potential, but that is sadly spoiled by all that's wrong with it. I hope this can be fixed.Due to the poor performance of this game it's hard to really enjoy it as it was intended which is a real shame, as I had incredibly high hopes for Caffeine. You can zoom in on notes and monitors to get tidbits of information on the crew and a window into what happened aboard. However the fun ends when computer monitors with text boxes end up being a jumbled, pixelated mess.Also, the flashlight in the game is essentially useless, sometimes it won't even turn on, and when it does, it doesn't last for more than 30 seconds. Ruins it for me. Unsure if this is a bug, or what.The game is, at present, a glorified \"walking simulator\" that borrowed some pages from games such as Alien: Isolation, System Shock, SOMA, Routine, and Bioshock, but without the real sense of doom that those convey. I had not, in 90 minutes of playtime, encountered a single threat or enemy type apart from the game's glitches. There were a few \"enemies\" and scares in the various tech demos of Caffeine, but they have since disappeared. This isn't an issue to me-- if the concept of Caffeine had more time on the drawing board, and a bit more time for revision, I would say this game is a perfect candidate for Early Access. At present, it is nowhere near a complete episodic game and needs plenty of work. Finally I notice i'm not the one having issues saving graphical settings in Caffeine, they seem to reset every startup and there are no save points in the game (that I'm aware of.)However, there were some things about this that I did enjoy, notably:-Native controller support for Xbox gamepads-Wonderfully constructed level design creates sense of dread, isolation, and claustrophobia around every corner-Oozing with atmosphere-Even if it is poorly optimized, the graphics are incredibly beautiful-Sound design is arguably the best i've experienced since Alien: Isolation-Plot leaves a bit to be desired but takes a unique spin on the tropes set forth by Slender, Among the Sleep, and SCP.-Chilling concept (but poor execution)6/10, honest rating. A lot of hard work went into this, but, alas, not enough. I have waited quite some time for this title, only to be let down. I will be uninstalling Caffeine from my PC after submitting this review. I'm anxious to try it again, but not until the bugs get sorted out. I am totally excited to see how this game pans out. Dylan, if you're reading this, please don't take it to heart, I believe in you, I just can't recommend this game right now.,Posted: October 5, 2015Not Fit for Human ConsumptionFull disclosure: review copy provided by developer/publisher!Caffeine is a “quirky first person adventure game with environmental puzzles and a touch of psychological horror.” Right. That's what the synopsis on the Steam store reads, anyway. What I encountered was a less competent Dear Esther with physics bugs shooting out the wazoo. Just another indie horror title rushed out of the indie horror oven too soon, never to realize its potential... potential. I'll add it to the pile I'm using to build a hellish throne for personal reasons.Here's the story: you're a tiny child in the not-too-distant future, livin' it up on a space station. Because people are so addicted to coffee, Starbucks has literally conquered the stars themselves, mining planets Dead Space style to synthetically produce Pumpkin Spice lattes for your UGG sporting girlfriends.But what Space Starbucks™  failed to realize is that once you start mining entire planets for synthetic caffeine it isn't long before Natural Law™ flips a God damn table in defiance. I spent the first 20♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking minutes of this game attempting to grab a keycard to progress past the first door. See, it was placed lovingly in a crate on top of a monitor for... some reason? Perhaps this is one of the touted environmental puzzles? I'm not sure. But with every attempt at grabbing said keycard the crate would kind-of-sort-of coalesce with the monitor, making it impossible to retrieve. And then I'd have to exit out of the entire game (because quitting back to the main menu is for suckers apparently) and try all over again (Edit: upon subsequent playthrough this weird issue has been fixed). When I did finally manage to pull the damned thing through the monitor I was off to explore this derelict space station, tiny keycard spinning desperately in my grasp as if to say, “Spirit, don't! Can't you see I'm trying to stop you from playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥game?!”  And I was like, “This is just a little glitch – I'm sure the rest of the game isn't dog♥♥♥♥♥♥” Then the keycard flew from my hands, never to be seen again, choosing the sweet release of death over playing Caffeine. Damn my hubris!What followed was another 40, 50 minutes of wandering around a claustrophobic, gray, circuit board of a space station covered in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sticky notes saying things like “Why won't he open the door?” and “Can't do it/Can't do it/ CAN.” That's... pretty much it, I'm sorry to say. You wander about a less interesting, less populated, less optimized, not scary Alien: Isolation filled with shimmering amber jello water and chairs that defy the very laws that govern reality as we know it.There's also, like, space coffee stations but it's empty and everyone ran away or went crazy or something because of caffeine withdrawals! Or something! It isn't super clear!  I'm just not impressed. Terrible physics, no save function, no quit to menu function, walking speed as fast as a snail's fart, bad flashlight mechanics, virtually no gameplay, absolutely no directions on how to progress (unless I'm supposed to read every stupid sticky note littering the environment), I could go on. I won't, because your time and money is precious. Is it episodic? Yes. Are the future two free, longer, puzzlier episodes promised incentive to pay for the dull-as-dishwater first entry? I guess. Cynically I would call this Early Access without the contentious label. You can look forward to the next two episodes sometime in... 2016.There might be some patches to address the more ludicrous♥♥♥♥♥♥I mentioned (again, looks like the first progression bug has been addressed) but it won't save this game from being as lame as a lukewarm cup of black coffee with a pube floating in it.You can fish the pube out but I've already seen it. The damage is done.,Posted: March 26, 2016If one of the only actual gameplay elements of your game is using keycards to unlock doors then it might be a good idea to have an actual inventory system instead of having to awkwardly click and drag the keycards along with you as a physics object.,Posted: January 26, 2016I don't have anything to add to the detailed enumerations of this game's problems in other reviews.I will stress one point, however, which is that this game feels unfinished.  It is also unpolished and buggy, but I could live with that if the game was complete.  Caffeine, as of this writing, v118, looks like what I imagine games in progress look like when they are about 60% complete:  the basic artwork is done, coarse world map is drawn, simple sound effects and background music prepared.  What's left?  Story, narration, combat, gameplay, NPCs, puzzles, play testing, optimization.  This game is being sold well before it is ready for market and not labeled as early release.  Know that if you buy now, it is in the hopes that this will eventually become a playable game.,Posted: October 9, 2015There’s a solid premise on offer here, and some terrifying sound design that oozes tension – but none of it leads anywhere. There’s no payoff, no feeling of achievement, and there are only fleeting glances of a narrative to grab onto. It’s baffling that this is supposed to be an episodic experience. An opening episode is supposed to hook you in and leave you hungry for the rest of the series, but Caffeine Episode One doesn’t even have enough substantial material for a single instalment.Plagued with dozens of bugs, some of which break the game, this is a dull, plodding exercise in monotonous walking, which offers up no sense of purpose or progression.Full review: http://www.gizorama.com/2015/computer/pc/all-cream-no-coffee-caffeine-episode-1-review,Posted: March 22, 2016Caffeine... I'm not even sure how this game ended up in my library; I don't recall purchasing it, or getting a key for it. Either way, I decided to check out this psychological horror title out of sheer boredom. Released in late 2015 by Incandescent Imaging, Caffeine has already had quite a few updates in order to iron out some of the performance issues it has suffered since its release.Although the store page refers to the game taking place in the \"near future\", the game takes place around 2100. You wake aboard a coffee mining vessel, alone, with nothing but post-it notes to convey communication between your coworkers and yourself. Since the game gives you absolutely zero sense of your goal, or who you are, you are presumably Jon, searching for his girlfriend; this information is pieced together through, yes you guessed it... post-it notes.There's an obvious quirky sense of humor within Caffeine, the fact that you're aboard a mining ship that mines coffee of all things, and the various post-it notes located around the suffocating corridors are usually rather funny. However, in most cases \"funny\" doesn't work with \"psychological horror\", and quite honestly I felt zero suspense or fear while I was playing the game. You even find out that part of the ship gets flooded, with coffee of course. The graphical glitches sure didn't help suit the horror mood, and caused the game to lean more toward the funny side once more.When I attempted to load the game up in Direct X 12, I was met with a blank screen. The game loaded fine in Direct X 11, but about 10 minutes in my game crashed and I had to start over. Initially I was playing with my Xbox One controller, but the movement was so slow it was neigh unbearable. I started again, this time using keyboard and mouse, and found the turning mechanics a little more greasy, but you move sooooo sloooooooow; to make it worse, there is no run button. The framerate was rather steady, even with everything on high I was maintaining about 80 FPS with no dips; so whatever patches they released to update the optimization must have worked.So, can I recommend Caffeine? Not in the slightest; do not buy it in a bundle, do not buy it from Humble, do not get it on sale, do not get it for a friend as well. While the graphics and sound are decent enough to look at and hear, the complete lack of story, or even a sense of what your goal is, really tears this title down. Not to mention, it takes forever to get from point A to point B, much less the back tracking if you didn't see a switch or missed some obscurely placed thing you gotta hit in order to progress. I've played better, I've played worse, but Caffeine is a severe waste of time better spent elsewhere.Rating: 2.5/5.0 - It's not awful, but it's not great.The Horror Network Curator | Group Click for Gore,Posted: January 5, 2018Had potential, but it's abandoned and unoptimized.,Posted: January 19, 2017This game is really boring. It's described as \"psycholigical horror\" but I can't think of anything in it that I could describe as as that. I walked around, I fumbled with holding things to open doors, I walked some more, I didn't know what to do. I don't know, maybe dim lighting is pychological horror?Anyways, the reason I felt the need to write this is that the game no longer works. I reinstalled it just to knock out a few achievements, and now the game crashes whenever I try to play it. If you check the discussions you will see that I am not alone here concerning the game crashing when you try to play it.,Posted: December 21, 2015A pretty decent atmospheric game - it's a shame that the physics are totally broken.,Posted: October 5, 2015Caffeine is an interesting idea, but has a few problems to work through.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PC6HPCIfL10The main premise behind the game is interesting. Everyone on Earth has become addicted to coffee. So much, that now space stations are mining minerals to create synthetic caffeine.The game does a decent job at building up atmosphere and creeping you out, but the overall experience is hurt by a lot of annoying mechanics and bugs.As it is, the game needs to iron out a lot of annoying glitches. My progress isn't saved, nor are my graphical settings. Meaning everytime I boot the game up, I need to restart from the beginning and change my settings again. Not a huge deal seeing as the first episode of the game only lasts 1 hour, and I'm sure it will be patched out, however it's still something that shouldn't be happening.I ran into a few other immersion breaking elements. When holding the forward button, my character will ever so slowly drift towards the right as well. I could move objects from the distance, which is easy to avoid if you want to stay immersed, but still a bit silly.The biggest problem of all was this first episode wasn't entirely eventful. The dev has said it's meant to be a small taste of what is to come, and that the 2nd and 3rd episodes (free updates in the future) will have more puzzles and be longer. That's good to hear, because apart from a few notes to read here and there, as well as audio logs, there wasn't that much to do. I personally enjoyed the environment quite a bit, looking out the window into space, and exploring the station with the beautiful Unreal Engine helps immerse you. Overall, I can't completely recommend the game because it's an interesting idea, but frustrating at times due to the glitches. Also, as far as episode 1 goes, there isn't enough to make the game interesting enough to warrant its price.I'm hoping the bugs will be ironed out, and the future episodes will add more interesting gameplay. That would possibly change my review to a positive one.EDIT: Some of the bugs have been cleaned up, and the dev is continuing to fix up the game."
"294"	"537210"	"Candle Soundtrack + Artbook"	2016-11-11	NA	"Adventure,Indie"	""	"cant find the special mushroom, what to do with the peper? Ive helped the baby monkey, got the special seed, but im totally stuck...any help?,Yesterday I receveid the retail version of Candle expecting a Steam key inside, but i found out that this version is Steam free, so it can works stand alone, if I would like to register it on my Steam account, i have to buy it again? ,Beyond the big frog area, after solving the puzzle I use the candle to frighten the two wakas who stand on the roof and talk. They two are supposed to run below the giant fish, so that I can cut the rope the fish is hanging from and scrumble them.But in...,Can't figure out any way to get rid of them, because no matter what I do one of them kills me. Any help?, English   There can be displaying errors, when using multiple screens with Linux OS. When using multiple screens with Linux OS, the game always starts in 1280x720 resolution. This can be changed in the settings When maximizing the g..."
"295"	"763950"	"T-Rex Time Machine"	2017-12-07	3.99	"Adventure,RPG,Indie,Text-Based,Choose Your Own Adventure"	"About This GameFace the world's fiercest dinosaurs and make it back to the future in one piece! You're a physics student with a dream: travel back in time and document the world of dinosaurs. Can you survive the terrors of the Tyrannosaurus rex?T-Rex Time Machine is a 170,000 word interactive adventure novel by Rosemary Claire Smith, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based—without graphics or sound effects—and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.When you successfully convert your Land Rover into a working time machine, you set your sights on traveling to the age of the Tyrannosaurus rex, triceratops, and pterosaur where you'll study dinosaurs and film a thrilling documentary. The only problem is the competition: your rival and enemy Darien Vance has claimed your work for his own, accused you of plagiarism, and had you kicked out of graduate school. When you travel back in time, you'll have to prove you got there first, redeem your good name, and make it home safely. Play as male or female, gay or straight. Dodge stampeding triceratopses and sickle-clawed troodontids. Find love with your best friend or one of your time-traveling classmates. Feed a baby duckbilled dinosaur and let it imprint on you. Film and debut your dinosaur documentary—as a scientific masterpiece or a heartwarming nature film. Master time travel as you repair your Land Rover on the fly. Prove your rival stole your time machine plans, or forge a new partnership with him.Explore the Age Of Dinosaurs--if You Dare!"	"Posted: December 8, 2017I enjoyed it overall but was really disappointed with the ending, for example I brought back a literal dinosaur and other bits and pieces of dinosaurs I killed while having tons of film of being back in the dinosaur ages while also produing movies about the science of time travel/dinosaurs. But everyone still thinks I didn't invent time travel because of what some rich guy said, despite having living proof. I did enjoy this quick play overall but the ending really soured it,Posted: December 8, 2017The story is mediocre and dull. The choices presented are wide ranged with multiple stats. Buy only if you like the demo and just want to pass time.,Posted: December 13, 2017Felt extremely railroaded.,Posted: December 7, 2017This game costed me 7 minutes of my life time. It's  complete crab. Dont play it,Posted: January 11, 2018Another great and absorbing story. I loved seeing the development of the characters, and all ended well. I'm slightly disappointed I don't have my own dinosaur though. 10/10."
"296"	"1033250"	"BluBoy: The Journey Begins"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Adventure,Indie,Early Access,Third Person,Stealth,Puzzle,Singleplayer,Exploration,Colorful,Silent Protagonist,Minigames,Family Friendly"	"About This GameA Solo Project.Support me by downloading in Early Access Stage.BluBoy : The Journey Begins is the Third person Environment based puzzle stealth adventure game.Explore the Environments, patience is your key.STORY :A Teen age boy going in search of his missing grandfather.On the way of his journey he discovers more secrets and surprises.GAMEPLAY :Gameplay is mostly stealth based> Sneak> Hide> Distract> Solve environment based puzzles to clear you path.MAPS/LOCATIONSGame consist of one main location.DIALOGUE SYSTEMThe game also has dialogue system which leads the missions.SPECIAL ABILITIESThe game offers Special Abilities that will be useful to distract and attack enemies. MINI GAMES :There is also some interesting and fun mini games,challenges as you pass through the journey.DRONE :Yeah you read it right!!!You will unlock a Flying Drone that will be the main part of the gameplay as you move on.MACHINERY You will also be able to control some machineries that affects the gameplayACHIEVEMENTS/COLLECTIBLESThe game consist of some interesting collectibles.Its not going to be just for numbers or Achievements But also be useful for the gameplay.Please look for Early Access details to know abut the Full Release Features."	""
"297"	"358420"	"Xenophage: Alien Bloodsport"	1995-12-29	NA	"Action,Fighting"	"About This GameBecause of the aggressive tendencies shown by your semi-sentient species, the Council has bestowed upon you the honor of relieving their boredom by fighting for the propagation rights of the species of your world. The combat will be weaponless. The matches will take place in a holographic simulation of you or your opponent's homeworld, and will be farcast to the Council Chamber. If you fight well enough, you will be given the honor of defeat at the hands of the Grand Champion. Failure to fight will result in automatic forfeiture of propagation rights.Game Features8 characters, 2 champions, and a nasty surprise.High resolution (SVGA) 640x480 mode for much greater detail.The fully rendered foes are the largest, most detailed characters even seen in a fighting game, nearly as tall as the entire screen.Innovative panoramic screen panning, zooming and real-time scaling, shadows and special effects.Interactive, animated environments, with special dangers!Special moves, combos, resurrections, and humiliations.Story mode, Free Play mode, and Training mode.The Blood Flow Meter lets you adjust the gore.Flesh ripping, blood sucking, claw slashing, tail whipping, karate kicking, fist ramming, body slamming, blood spurting action - need we say more?"	"Posted: January 14, 2016Round 1: Fight!Round 2: Xenophage has stopped responding...Oh. Ok, well... I'll try again.Round 1: Fight!Round 2: ......Ctrl+Alt+Del. Right click Xenophage. End Task.,Posted: May 17, 2015As an actual game, really just don't bother. It has horrible clunky controls with barely any cohesion to the combo system. You can't control anything in the air or as far as I know, do any special moves, at least easily with these clunky controls.However as an oddity to bring up in a conversation about weird old DOS games, this is certainly a good one along with Tongue of the Fatman and other similar games. If you're looking for a properly good fighting game, go play Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter.,Posted: August 6, 2015If you were looking for something remastered or something that runs natively in windows (not through DOS box), you're going to have a bad time. They're essentially selling you abandonware from the 90's.EDIT: Xenophage is highly unstable. It's highly prone to crashing and I think I'll ask for a refund.,Posted: December 22, 2015This game is so bad that I can't even be bothered to make a snide remark.,Posted: March 10, 2016This is a fighting game with aliens. It's not bad, but it seems unfair when your opponents use ranged attacks like spit or energy balls while you can't do anything like that. At least I haven't found a way to do it. It's not mentioned in the controls.Normal difficulty seems to be harder than it is, because they use ranged attacks and keep doing the melee attack. You can do the melee attack too, but you have to be close to them and faster than them.Crashes and the unfair AI ruin it for me.,Posted: February 20, 2016As an actual game, really just don't bother. It has horrible clunky controls with barely any cohesion to the combo system. You can't control anything in the air or as far as I know, do any special moves, at least easily with these clunky controls.,Posted: March 1, 2016The 90's were home to a whole squelching vomit parade of cheap Mortal Kombat wannabes, ranging from mediocre to legendarily terrible. Of those in the latter category, Xenophage may very well be the hideous, unplayable crown jewel in the Great Crown of Shame. This one is way, way beyond so bad it's good territory and shouldn't ever be experienced by anyone ever again. And it seems to know that, lasting five to ten minutes on average before locking up or just crashing. Thrust back into existence by its cruel masters, it rebels against them, tearing itself apart, screaming \"I was not meant to be!\"And now, having seen things not meant for mortal eyes, I know only madness, and meat. MEATYes. All the world shall soon know.,Posted: December 31, 2015No. Not now. Not as it came out. Never.,Posted: May 29, 2018This game has one single pro: alien vs arcade fighter game.And thats it. As for its cons : Unbalanced mechanics and clunky controls stand out the most. Sound is ok, but is nothing overly exciting. Plenty more Apogee games that i would recommend over this if you want a classic. Which is a pity since the concept is good, if the concept only proved to be more than what they made of it. Disappointment.,Posted: December 8, 2015This attempts to be in the likeliness of Mortal Kombat. It's close. So close that you need a magnifying glass to see that it is really the various types of alien STD's that meet each other when MK characters decide to proliferate. These Viruses try to kill each other off to see whose genitals are better than whose. Where's the sound?Exit to Dos?Y"
"298"	"925460"	"Vectronom"	NA	NA	"Indie,Action,Casual,Music,Rhythm,Great Soundtrack,Local Multiplayer,Local Co-Op,Colorful,Level Editor,Funny,Controller,Singleplayer,Difficult,4 Player Local,Fast-Paced"	"About This GameIn Vectronom, players must memorize patterns and solve environment-specific riddles while moving their hopping cube to the beat. Obstacles change in sync with music as this colorful madness gets harder from level to level, challenging the player’s three-dimensional thinking. With the option of hooking up alternate controllers such as dance pads, Vectronom might even get you moving more than your fingers and brain cells.FeaturesChallenging single player campaign Each level features original electronic beats and a colorful, dynamic art stylePlay with friends via local, drop-in/drop-out multiplayerLevel Editor - Create your own wacky levels using curated beats and challenge the world with never before seen rhythmic puzzles.Use alternate controllers like dance pads or MIDI instrumentsCreate your own soundtrack - hook up to an analogue synthesizer via the headphone output and compose live music as you play along"	""
"299"	"931920"	"Hiveswap Friendsim - Volume Eleven"	2018-09-03	0.99	"Adventure,RPG,Indie,Casual,Simulation,Violent"	"About This ContentVolume 11? Of Hiveswap Friendsim? Eleven volumes, 23 trolls, and you’re still alive, still in an approximation of fighting form, and still kicking it in this hostile alien environment. Hell, you’re barely even an outsider anymore. You know the games, you know the memes, you got this. We can’t even come up with something absolutely ridiculous in this synopsis because you’re on to us—you know what we look like when we’re on our bullshit. So here’s this very normal and totally unremarkable game synopsis that isn’t even really a synopsis anymore.Volume 11: There’s some trolls. Impenetrable cultural jargon. You make friends. Whatever.---You just crash-landed on Alternia, and you’re DESPERATE for friendship! Anyone will do...wait, who are those two trolls approaching you?The Hiveswap Friendsim is a quick, loosely-canonical visual novel adventure following the efforts of the unnamed protagonist (that’s you!) to survive and maybe even thrive on the harsh surface of ALTERNIA. Set in the time of Hiveswap: Act 1, this episodic visual novel’s opening volume, written by Homestuck creator Andrew Hussie, is sure to satisfy Homestuck and Hiveswap fans who are eager for a darker stroll across the Alternian landscape. Future episodes will arrive regularly as DLC.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"Look at that herculian jawline. Those blocks for brows.Hell, even her horns look manly.This had to have been a mistake. Like, every time they went to type 'He' they were consistently, every time, distracted by something, and accidentally spat a 'She' wi...,Whenever I try to start it up, the game crashes and I get an error log.,Someone made a thread on how they wanted Amisia as their girlfriend. In reality I know myself and others aren't any better, even if we wouldn't pick her. So now, lets admit what utter romantic-shipping trash we are and confess flushed and black feelings f..., ,WHY SI THWE ROUTE WHERR ZEBRUH DIES NONC ANON I HATE YOU YSOU STINK AND I HOPE YOU DIE LIKE ZEBRUH BECAHSGYSE HE NEEDS TO DIEA DMNn,Posted: May 5zeBRUHanyways this is very good,Posted: May 5I understand that the game is trying to tell a story with dark humor and twisted world.However, it is just trial and error, when everything other than the only correct choice equal to a bad ending.The dark humor and twisted world only makes it worst, since they make the story and choices illogical in most cases. Therefore, there isn't any clue to which will be the \"correct choice.\" (To be honest, there shouldn't be only one correct choice in visual novel in the first place.)All of these makes this game into just a work of trial and error. It doesn't worth a single penny imo."
"300"	"573150"	"sZone - Imperial Hat"	2016-12-23	7.99	"Action,Free to Play,RPG,Massively Multiplayer"	"About This ContentGet ready for Christmas and New Year with special costume-like gear: Imperial Hat! Hurry while the celebration lasts!Their characteristics will definitely make your enemies tremble!Protection parameters: 250 protection from most types of damage, including mutants, anomalies, bullets, fire, poison and electricity.Complete with air filter.Non-transferrable. Can't be restored, but cheap to repair.All the premium items (from DLC) will be placed in \"Rewards\" tab in your game account (on website). From there you can send them to any of your characters in the game."	"The Hunters faction call to unite and clean the Anomalous Zone out of mutants! Five days of continuous hunting with separate prizes. Eliminate as many mutants as you can to get to the first lines of the top. New goal every day (by Moscow time):1 May - VerliokasThe prize for the top three:Artifact \"Verlioka's Cube\" (24 days)2 May - BrutorsThe prize for the top three:Artifact \"Piedmont Brutor Whistle\" (10 days)3 May - JelliesThe prize for the top three:Mutagen4 May - SorcerersThe prize for the top three:Artifact \"Mischief α\"5 May - BlyaksThe prize for the top three:Turtle Backpack (30 days)The first 30 hunters in the tops of every day will get 30 sZone pins!Three players who will prove themselves for all 5 days will get one of three SUPERPRIZES:1. Full set of \"SBZ\" without time restrictions:SBZ Armor VestSBZ JacketSBZ PantsSBZ MaskSBZ HoodSBZ GlovesSBZ Boots2. Spider Helmet Filter3. \"Night Wolf\" Backpack (30 days)We remind you that only those mutants are taken into account, which brought more than 5 experience points.The winners will be announced and the prizes will be distributed after the holidays, from 6 to 8 May.Have a good hunting!,где  и когда респаются главные ведуны месяц не могу найти,Congratulations to the winners of the event!RU-serverThree leaders:Эксперимент - 9831АзартныйДворник - 7038Братское_Сердце - 4603sZone pins prize:АмазонскийДворник - 4201ПАХА42 - 2216google88 - 2209fregat444 - 1688Пашка_18ру - 1618WESST - 1491хМасянЯх - 1420Hancock - 1361Advocate - 1086volk4591 - 868diskrit64rus - 852трактор5 - 837virusgad - 736Skif28 - 728потрахаобрабатыватель - 718АвтоматизированныйДворник - 643den777 - 565dizel_48 - 545DeD_StrateG - 469Безпредел - 456Воставший_изБАНА - 443RADDIK - 434AlSahHim - 420Dzh0KER - 405НикСаныч - 393КуанЧи - 322МаняОблигация - 313Steam PvPThree leaders:SEMHASHKA - 5728хАНГЕЛх - 4812Демон - 4460sZone pins prize:DoZZa_PsIXoZA - 3927DARK001117 - 2345chertoffka - 2344Black_Devil - 1517Дух - 1412DOK39RUS - 1188KaSSpetron - 1011ТвояСмэрть - 902БОНДЖАНВИТАЛЯ2121 - 750anutik - 750ЗлойБармалей - 659ЗМЕЙ82 - 577ProMARS - 54016СТРАЖ16 - 476АнкаПулеметчица - 465vanek1703 - 366ReTtr0 - 333Андрей12061[us] - 324Mitra - 293Сидорыч777 - 279xausssss - 263K04EBHIK - 246vadim3100 - 229ScoR_PioN - 183Ysha_Pekar - 150мазило - 142Skalpel[us] - 136Steam PvEThree leaders:ДАРЬЯ_СЕВАСТОПОЛЬСКАЯ - 6340Russkiy_Paren - 376919ТуМаН80 - 2666sZone pins prize:VEDMAK - 2659Simoda - 2636Фениталя - 2414Калекарь - 2171АнимещныйДворник - 2067Andriy53 - 1991Шекс - 1939pletca85 - 1873AlterEGO - 1582шаман23 - 1374Кнопа - 1342ВЕЛОСЫПЫДИСТ34 - 1332777ххх - 1313Шамед - 1096melxior6666 - 1081MOTORI4 - 1074VENORUV - 9876yRriTo - 803ВОВАН1961 - 728Чукдрабиндранат - 609Alesa - 574Severynka - 53220старый17 - 494АлкогольныйДворник - 476ТихиМ - 450Dragonicus9K - 439Isteno - 357,From 27.04 to 28.04 (till 23:59 by Moscow time), participate in hunt for brutors, blyaks and jellies  (except for the \"killer\" class).To get points you need to hunt mutants, whose killing brings you more than 5 EXP.Top three winners from main servers (RU, Steam PvP, Steam PvE) will receive prizes:MutagenAtomic Mine - 3 pcs.Zeiss LensThe first 30 hunters in the tops will also get 40 sZone pins!,Posted: May 2how people can did it? It so stupid game with very small map,stupid npc and players,ЕСТЬ ИССОХШИЕ ЛЕШИЕ А ГДЕ БОЛЬНЫЕ ЛЕШИЕ НА КВЕСТЫ,,Dear Players,Bug using is strongly discouraged and severely punished.If you discover a bug, report it at once at soldier_daisy@szone-online.net .Reporting bugs related to dishonest enrichment of players is rewarded with in-game prizes.Be honest, pla...,I have been in the Volcano for a while sometimes alone for hours and have never seen this artifact?  Where does it spawn and is there a time of Day factor?  I have used the Artifact finder and have seen no artifact at all in the Volcano except the Fire em..."
"301"	"525221"	"Dig 4 Destruction - Mask [Knight]"	2016-09-15	1.99	"Action,Massively Multiplayer,Casual"	"About This ContentThe Knight mask has arrived!By purchasing this DLC you will be able to use the 2 variations of the Knight mask.Try on these unique masks and set yourself apart in battle!Please update to the latest version of the game in order to purchase DLC>Check Here"	"when I launch the game with my Windows MR headset The game turns my controllers into oculus ones and sticks them to the floor please help,When I opened the game, the game appeared a similar list of things, when I met the consent of the list button, the game still can't be, surrounded by a piece of white, in addition to handle other all could not see.who can help me?,I want to ask why I open the game is the white screen, can not load the game.Please give me some advice.Thank you.,So friends-only game mode requires you to have four friends to start a match. It would be nice to have the option of friends vs AI (death match and team death match) or even just a 1v1.,"
"302"	"686430"	"Sundered: Eldritch Edition - OST"	2017-07-28	9.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentThe original soundtrack composed by Max LL that highlights all the great moments in Sundered: Eldritch Edition, from the atmospheric and somber exploration moments to the insane boss battles. A daunting musical underscore that accompanies Eshe as she fights for her sanity and faces hordes of eldritch horrors.All music composed, mixed & produced by Maxime Lacoste-Lebuis (Max LL) Solo Cello performed by Sheila Hannigan Mastering by Harris Newman Album Artwork by Jo-Annie Gauthier Graphic Design by Maude Plante-Husaruk Tracklist1. Madness 2. Desert 3. A Ruined World 4. Aftermath 5. Dominion 6. Outskirts 7. Sanctuary 8. In the Dark9. Corruption 10. Hysteria 11. Eschatons 12. Splice 13. Sundered 14. Dehumanization 15. Eshe Total Duration: 46 minutes"	"First time playing, I need a challenge how hard is hard?,Posted: May 2This game feels like it is at odds with itself at its very core. It is a Metroidvania with random encounters. Metroidvanias are about exploration and platforming. Random encounter are about making the player stop and deal with combat. It feels like every twenty seconds, the game strangles your forward momentum with another random encounter. Even if you're passing through an area you've already been through, the game tries to stop you again and again. The camera drags towards enemies, meaning if you try to ignore combat you are now blindly running into obstacles. This is at its worst when enemies spawn inside environmental hazards, forcing you to deal with an automatically unfair situation. It is this constant barrage of grating interruptions, as though the game is afraid you might reach the end, that wears you down ultimately.,Posted: May 2Looks like a fun game but the enemy respawning every 30seconds and chasing you is not.,Posted: April 30This is a mechanically good game but I lost interest when I discovered it was procedurally generated on death. Not completely since the basic route appears to stay the same. At least early in the game the combat is fairly basic and it only gets difficult when a ton of enemies start spawning. They can also cross map you off screen (not even in the same room) and walls do not stop them. The map system is well done keeping track without you doing anything of upgrade locations, short cuts, and unreachable current places. The upgrade system follows a grid (think Final Fantasy 10) but each node has to be upgraded three times before you can move on which I thought was odd., New Mailing List!       We added a new Mailing List to Sundered.     Fixed an issue endless hordes/scripted horde events where too many monsters would spawn.     Fixed the outros in multiplayer during the  Nyarlatotep[/spoil...,I'm new to the game/been playing about an hour.I beat the first miniboss(?)my question refers to all the little random encounters you get while exploring.I stop to fight them and sometimes the enemies just keep coming and coming and coming.eventual..., Fixes ahoy!       Fixed the gongs in the DLC of the 3rd Region.     Fixed the puzzle in the DLC of the 1st Region.     Fixed the wind during the  Nyarlatotep  fight s .     Fixed the Keyboard rem...,Hello, I was wondering if it's possible to fight two different ending bosses in 1 run if you finish the game and fight the neutral boss, then go into the same save file, corrupt all your abilities or burn all the Eldar shards and fight the other ending bo..."
"303"	"674090"	"Sky Haven"	NA	NA	"Simulation,Strategy,Management,Building"	"About This GameWe hear all sorts of complaints about airports. Crowded halls, inconvenient layouts, confusing navigation, lack of coffee shops or bathrooms. The poor airport builders must be getting a lot of heat… So come on! Build your own ideal airport, convenient for passengers and airliners alike. An airport in which everyone will be happy. Make a mark!Build:Start your process by carefully planning out wide spaces inside the terminal. Continue on with a thinking through the layout of the airport apron, make smart taxiway networks by connecting aircraft stands with runways. And build the rest of the airport in all other areas of management like Check-in counters, security checks, boarding gates, etc.Manage: Count your funds carefully. You will need to buy a lot of merchandise and equipment for your airport. Everything from all sorts of interior services to vehicles and buildings, such as check-in officers, ramp agents, buses, aircraft stairs, ATC tower, jet bridges and much much more. Even the smallest conveniences for your passengers like seats for sitting cost money. Otherwise that сomplainants decrease your rating because they could not buy a hot dog.Develop: Start with very basic services. Research and improve. Attract domestic and international airlines. Prepare for the big planes and huge passenger traffic.Choose: Make your own airport. Focus on discounters or make international hub. Remote ramps or bridged? Charters or regular flights. Big or small aircrafts? Domestic passengers or connected flighst? It's your decision, your rules."	""
"304"	"432130"	"Break Chance Memento"	2016-02-12	14.99	"Indie,Adventure,Visual Novel"	"Reviews“If you're looking for a visual novel with an engaging cast and a twisty plot, do yourself a favour and pick this one up.”JayisGames,About This GameBreak Chance Memento (BCM) is the latest visual novel by Cyanide Tea. BCM is primarily a story about family bonds across time and involves time travel, tracking down a serial killer, and potential gay romance. Can Shuuki save the people he cares about by traveling through time? Whether or not he makes it through to a happy ending is completely up to the player's decisions.STORYFour years ago, Shuuki's world was turned upside-down when his twin sister, Fuyuka, died in an accident at just 12 years of age. His parents blamed her death on the negligence of their eldest son, Natsume. The Amamiya family was never the same.One fateful morning, Shuuki stumbles across the gruesome sight of his brother Masaharu's corpse. When all hope is lost and Shuuki must come to terms with the fact that his brother has been murdered, the mysterious Kyousuke appears before him with a proposition: \"Do you want to bring your brother back? To fix your family's broken relationship? You can…if you learn to travel through time.\" Before he knows it, Shuuki is caught in a plot far more sinister than he could have ever imagined. He learns that the key to traveling through time and stopping innocents from being killed lies in mementos: items that are a link between the past, future, and present.FEATURESA compelling science fiction story about a dysfunctional family and the youngest child's quest to save not just their lives, but their relationship At least 6 hours of visual novel gameplay and exploring the city of Nagasaki, looking for mementos, and time traveling 8 different endings with 4 pursuable characters and lots of variation in the story based on 70+ choices50+ unlockable CGs/images"	"Posted: March 30, 2017I bought this game quite a while ago, and just recently that I’ve finally played. And what can I say? I enjoyed this game more than I expected, even tho there are a few problems (at least in my opinion, I’m no “game expert”. But those were things that I’ve felt while playing it, so I want to talk about them as well).The story: It was good, above average honestly. Ain’t no masterpiece, but I definitely enjoyed! The only thing that kinda disappointed me was the little twist in the end. If it was only Fuyuka’s doing, I’d have love it. But inserting the other guy was kinda… too much? I don’t know how to explain. It kinda broke the whole brotherly vibe somehow, at least for me) I also enjoyed the multiple endings and how just one or two different choices can change everything. Also, I have an undying love for family stories, especially when they have to be more united than ever to face their difficulties. Break Chance Memento was perfect for me on that aspect.The brothers: Shuuki was an okay MC. It’s weird because sometimes he says something but then he acts completely different from his “normal” behavior, especially on the two romantic routes. I understand that he’s changing, growing up. But sometimes I found hard to believe that he was “the man who could have anyone he wanted”. Overall, I liked him and I found myself feeling sad when I read about his true feelings towards the accident. His brothers, Natsume (special angel cake sent from the heavens by the way) and Masaharu were good characters too. I loved their relationship, the family love feeling was pretty intense. Those brothers just deserve to be happy.Romantic routes: Well, to be totally honest, I only enjoyed one of them: Chiaki’s. He’s a good guy, and his relation with Shuuki was cute. They make a good couple. But Yukinari’s route made no sense to me. Yes, he’s cute, but… just that?? I don’t know, I couldn’t feel that Shuuki and him were close to the point of dating. It was actually awkward. No offense to the developers, but I felt like Yukinari was “thrown” in the story, with little personality development. Gameplay: There’s actually some gameplay here! You need to find clues (more like the “mementos”) in order to keep going with the story. Since I enjoy hidden objects games, I liked this aspect of BCM. Also, there’s a lot of special scenes to unlock with each memento. A bit hard to achieve, but satisfying as hell once you do it.8/10. Even with the problems I listed above, I still think this game was good. If you enjoy family/brother stories like I do, you’re going to like it. But if you only came here for the BL, you might get disappointed.,Posted: February 18, 2016I ... I can't say that I fully understand every minor detail of what's going on in this game, even after playing through the whole thing multiple times. Might be tiny plot holes, might be my own stupidity, but nevertheless I'm not bothered by it in any way.The story, the characters and the art style are brilliant. And while it might not be a romance focused game (although there's a lot of that too), it's definitely relationship and character developement focused. It's supported by a great story, but what ultimately got me hooked for hours were the relationships between the various characters. Every single character feels like a real person you can easily get attached to. My first playthrough took me around 6 hours, but it left me wanting to see everything the game has to offer. And yes, it got me to spend 4 hours trying to get Yuki's ending. Yes, I can see that by looking at the time of my achievements. 4 hours. I can only recommend this to everyone, and especially if you're into Visual Novels and / or relationship focused stories. Get it, seriously. It's so amazing.,Posted: February 18, 2016<3This game was great! Very good story! A bit complicated though, which is nice. Though it feels there are small, super tiny plot holes. But barely visible, if you do not focus on them, are they invisible. But it was something that gnawed in my mind, not much since everything else was dazzeling. The story as whole was amazing, and well thougt anyway!!  I really liked it, it was awesome and intressting! Its a bit tricky to get all the endings, but its still easy to solve too in the end. Also that there is a lot one can experience in it! To look around to find and see! A lot of scenes to get between Shuuki and the others, due to different requirements and mementos. That makes it replayable, though, the beginning gets a little bit tiring if you want a specific endig and fail, and then you have to go throug it again. Luckly there is a skip button, and it stops when a new scene occour, so you wont miss anything. The writing is easy to follow and do not use many difficult words, and it still  manage to sound clever and pretty in the language, as it paints the situation in a simple, understandable way. But some sentences could have some rephrasing, but they are very, very few. And some things gets repeated,  its not often, and does not stand that much in the way either. Since the overall text is, as mentioned, well written. The art is very pretty!!!! The shading is nice and smoot, and the lightning really highligts their details in a gorgeous way, like Shuukis hair. <3  And Shuuki is almost irritating pretty (in a good way), since my brain could almost not comprehend it, haha ,long wonderful hair <3 and I just stared at how pretty drawn he was. The colouring is beautiful everywhere! From the characters to their surrounding! The bakgrounds are also well drawn! I really like the style the artist have!The characters are deep in personality, and nice <3 I like all of them <3. And they speak in a natural way, not forced or anything. And they can say really funny things to one other. xD And act in different ways, yet very caring. Also following Shuuki's personal change is nice! The music is good, but I did not always pay attetion to it, it does not stuck in my mind or anything. It just nice for the moment. At times I listened, then it vanish from my thoughts, even if the music is still played in the game, it lost is grip. ( Can also be that I was mesmerized by Shuuki... haha. )Best of all ( In my opinion ), its boy x boy!!!! I have not seen this sort of VN on steam before! I have only seen Girl x Girl, and wondered, is there some VN with BL here on steam? Well here is one! And its awesome! They do not show anything, except for kiss scenes. And the relationships goes in a good pace. And can be very cute. If that is not your suit, then you do not need to pursue anyone! ( But you wont get all the endings if you avoid it. ) 10/10, is my say in this. I do recommend this! For its story, art, and .. BL, heee. <3,Posted: February 12, 2016To preface this review, I should mention that I was a beta tester for the game and have been able to follow it through its development. With that said, I can offer an honest review of the game.tl;dr The game is great. The amount of content, quality of writing and artwork, along with an engaging story makes it easily a great game to pick up if you enjoy the genre or a good story.Playtime/LengthThere is so much content in this game that your first playthrough will take you about 5-6 hours to get through alone. And with several routes to choose from, getting through all the main content will be thoroughly engaging and get you so much value for what you put into the game. I think a good way I’ve heard a way to describe the amount of writing in BCM is that its total length is about 3.5 Great Gatsby’s long. The game is filled with content. MusicThe music is open source, but it is used very well. The choice of song for any given situation is fitting and matches the ambiance of a scene. With a soundtrack of 33 songs, you will find a great amount of distinction between songs and it lends itself to framing a scene just right when you hear the fitting background music.VisualsThe artwork in the game is all stunning. From expressive character art to CG’s to backgrounds, the game certainly isn’t lacking when it comes to its visuals. BCM has gone through several visual updates during its development and the finished product shows how polished it is as a result. The user interface is sleek and appealing, fitting to the game itself. All art assets are incredibly done, deserving of high praise. Writing/GameplayI’m not very good with words myself, so I probably won’t do it justice when I say the writing is extremely well-done and high quality. The cast of the game avoids common archetypes and each person feels separate, yet complete in their characterization. You will undoubtedly find favorites and traits you love about each character since they reflect real people so well. The story flows fluidly and smoothly. Reading it is first and foremost, enjoyable. I could take my time to appreciate the details as well as things like the character development. Before you know it, it becomes engaging and gripping. Writing of this caliber is something more people should treat themselves to. An important part of a visual novel such as this are the choices that are presented to the reader. Immediately, you can tell that choices matter and they make sense. You won’t ever find something arbitrary as deciding to go left or right and that making the story change on its head. Your actions have very reasonable, realistic consequences, which is something I think more works in this genre could adapt. I’ll fill in more details later, but do yourself a favor and get the game. It really is well-done in every aspect and it’s one of the best stories I’ve had the pleasure to read.,Posted: December 28, 2016A game where the protagonist is Bi but romance isn't the focus of the story lol besides only 2 out of 4 character routes are romance routes where the other 2 are sibling routes. You can still get a normal end if you don't specifically pursue someone.Anyway the whole time travel gameplay is pretty unique and kind of like a hidden object game but an overly easy one at that. Some of the places to search were pretty pointless or simply red herrings where nothing shows up...ever.I liked the story but due to my paranoia of causing a butterfly effect on my first playthrough I only used time travel for things that are necessary and got the true bad ending XDNote: Feel free to mess around with the time machine,Posted: June 16, 2017I chose to play this for Pride Month, as it has queer characters and romances. I was pleased with it.Pros:- Bisexual male protagonist- Two (platonic) paths with the protagonist's brothers and romantic paths with two guys. One guy seems like he might be gay (but still ambiguous), while the other sounds like he's pansexual based on his description, mentioning that gender is not  a factor when he wants to be with someone. - Romantic paths elicited romantic emotions. - Interesting story concept of time traveling. - Decent CG art.Cons:- Many plot holes, but since this is a time traveling story, that's expected. Even the best time traveling stories have plot holes, simply because time travel is impossible and there's no way to ensure there aren't any plot holes unless you keep the story ridiculously simple.- The standard, non-CG art was kind of bland and not particularly appealing. - Only one character (and his siblings) had darker skin, and that was only by a shade or two. That's called tokenism. - Only two romance paths; I would've liked a few more.Overall, I really enjoyed the VN though. It was nice to see cute, romantic, same-gender guy love.,Posted: February 17, 2016I really love this game. I strongly recommend that people try it. It's got interesting game mechanics and I found it quite beautiful, story-wise, music-wise, and graphic-wise.It took me a about five hours to play through the first time, and there is still so much to do, so many endings and extra things to unlock, so many things to see that I missed the first time around, that I'm going to be playing it for a while yet!I just really enjoyed this game, and I think if people gave it a chance, they would too!,Posted: April 15, 2016I ABSOLUTELY loved this game! Most visual novels cause you to feel like a bystander, but Break Chance Memento makes it seem like you have an active role. I actually started to emphathize and like nearly all of the characters. I enjoyed the music and atmosphere of Break Chance Memento as well. In my view, it is well worth the money and deserves more attention. Five stars from me! I look forward to more games by these developers.,Posted: February 20, 2016FULL DISCLOSURE: I tested BCM during its development. On Steam I think I've only logged a few hours in BCM, but between testing previous patches and playing the itch.io build prior to its Steam release, I've logged 40+ hours of play and I'm still looking forward to more.So!  With that said, if you're looking for a thorough, exhaustive review of BCM's strengths and weaknesses as a visual novel, Hanged Hourai's got you covered.  For my part, I’ll talk about BCM’s synergy between tight character writing and emotive character sprite design, because the characters really make this game something special.Between the Amamiya brothers and the friends that orbit their complex familial dynamic, BCM presents people that are at once familiar in archetype and refreshingly unique in execution. The script is deceptive in its simplicity because BCM is a VN that doesn't outright demand more energy than you're used to committing to the genre. Character interactions are charmingly relaxing right up until they’re not. And while the game is built on the drama of death and time travel, it's the quieter moments that had me sobbing.  Each character receives defining moments that reveal their three-dimensionality.  But it wasn't until much later that I realized I'd fallen in love with each one long before their respective interpersonal dramas came to a head.  And if you’re into shipping, there’s plenty of that to enjoy here — not just because the game itself facilitates romance, but because the characters are so well-rounded that practically any pairing here can make for pretty cool headcanons.All this is not to say that nothing else is impressive here — the game feels effortlessly complete in no small part because of how the music, backgrounds, and UI complement the script and character design to create a bold, thematically coherent experience. But the character revelations and conversations have stayed with me for months, and for me, that’s what makes this game more than worth its price.  Please buy it when you can!,Posted: March 28, 2016I tend to get wordy, so in short, buy this game. I promise it will be worth your money. Long version of my recommendation: Just a note-I originally bought this on itch.io so even though it says I have not played much on Steam I have played pretty much all routes previously. Visual novels are a genre of game that I so want to love, but often feel disappointed or even borderline ripped off after playing them. There are some inherent flaws that I find about many of them including the fact that the characters often seem to be generic and personality-less and the \"choices\" you are given are either so obvious it is boring OR so random it becomes boring in another way. This one does not fall into any of those traps. The main character is one of the most unique I have seen in a VN and, by the end of a scene or two, I really loved him. Halfway through the game and I was willing to play for hours to make him happy and eventually play a romantic end for him (which, the romantic ends are a bit tricky to achieve which I count as a positive. I like a challenge and, hey, its sort of like real life romance, right?). The other characters are also unique and likable. I like their design, their personalities, and they feel believable to me. What this game also does well that many other VNs do not is the process of making choices. You do have to think about some of your choices and your choices affect the routes in a way that is clear, but not so obvious as to be boring. It is a lot of fun to get some bad endings and then retrace where you made a wrong decision along the way that caused it. In a way, it feels realistic where choices have ripple effects and consequences, negative and positive.  Which brings me to another reason I love this game. So much playtime. Seriously, I have played through most of the routes by now, but I spent hours doing it, enjoyable hours. Sometimes I blow through a VN semi-bored in one night. Not this one. I feel like I got my money's worth and then some. It is just a gorgeously designed game with characters that the creators obviously cared about and the design of the choice system is one of the best I have experienced in this genre in quite some time. It revitalized my interest in Visual Novels though now I feel bad for the next one I play because I have high expectations!"
"305"	"883120"	"STORMDIVERS"	NA	NA	"Action,Massively Multiplayer,Violent,Battle Royale"	"About This GameDaring teams and solo operators who are brave enough to dive into the eye of the recurring nano storm are trying not only to survive the competition but also the island itself, with endless threats looming around every corner. Only the strongest will make it out alive, with riches and rewards the island has to offer.Stormdivers is a 3rd person multiplayer centric shooter game, featuring chaotic battles and volatile explosions amidst a recurring nano-storm that swallows the beautiful and lush island surroundings to explore.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This Game may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	""
"306"	"819460"	"Metal Shell: Neon Pulse"	NA	NA	""	"About This GameMetal Shell: Neon Pulse is an 80's inspired, 2D, run n' gun game where players pilot upgrade-able mechs in a battle to save Earth.Metal Shell: Neon Pulse is a futuristic-80's inspired, 2D, run n' gun game where players pilot upgradeable Shells (mechs) in a battle to save Earth. The game has been in development for 9 months and is scheduled for a Windows and Mac release with a stretch goal for a console release.The Shell is a pilotable mech, controlled from an interior cockpit by a single pilot. The Shells are equipped with state-of-the-art armor and weaponry, track vital signs of the pilots, and are highly customizable and upgradable. Each Shell comes standard with a dual weapon loadout, close-range combat abilities and a unique special weapon.In Metal Shell: Neon Pulse your goal is to defend Earth and its extraterrestrial colonies from an invading alien race, the Cayrzac. You fight as one of three military heroes, tasked with destroying Cayrzac bases, stealing technology, and using that information to build weapons to use against them. Piloting your Shell, you’ll fight enemy ground forces and use their destroyed armor to repair your Shell when it takes damage. As you collect alien technology you will take it back to base and build custom weapons with it. The action is fast paced, requiring lots of running, jumping, and shooting. Each playable character will have their own unique play style and weapons system, allowing players to experience a variety of combat encounters.In the year 2486, Earth has become a one-world government, where the primary focus of science has been to find new planets to live on, as Earth is not capable of sustaining life for much longer. Mars has been colonized, and scientists are looking for new planets for humans to live on. The Cayrzac’s home planet has been destroyed and they are looking for a new planet to call home. This alien species is highly intelligent and has top-notch military machinery, which they will use to invade Earth. Earth’s people must defend the incoming attack on Earth, Mars, and ultimately take the fight to the Cayrzac Mothership.Local Co-OpThe game will feature local co-op, and if the stretch goal is reached networked co-op modes. Each player will be able to choose one of the three pilots and can play through the story together.Upgrade SystemThe upgrade system in Metal Shell: Neon Pulse will allow players to customize their Shells to their playstyles. Players will be able to choose their weapon load-outs and armor giving them different stats and different ways to defeat their enemies.Special Attack CraftingEach character has their own unique special attack which allows them to inflict devastating amounts of damage on their enemies. After gathering enough alien tech players will be able to craft their own unique special attacks giving them even more customization options.The Cayrzac alien race consists of many different species, each bringing their own unique skills into the war against Earth. We have plans to bring to life another dozen or so enemies creating a truly intimidating army that our heroes must face. Here are just a few of the enemies that we’ve already created.PhoenixBorn into a military family as an only child, Phoenix found a calling for protecting Earth at a young age. When she was 13, her father was killed in battle, and at age 15 her mother met a similar fate. As both of her parents were high ranking officers, Phoenix was allowed to stay on base until she was 17, when she enlisted. Phoenix’s ambition allowed her to quickly climb the ranks until she left the military to become a mercenary at age 28. Colonel Williams, a long time family friend, contacted Phoenix and requested that she come back to Earth’s military to join the special ops team that was tasked with fending off the Cayrzac invasion. JakA true intellectual, Jak was raised by a loving family of computer scientists. He was always at the top of his class, graduating high school at age 12. Jak divided his time between writing computer code and playing sports and has excelled in both categories, winning science fairs and track and field events throughout his youth. At age 16, Jak was approached by a military recruiter to become a technology and weapons developer for Earth's military. By the time he turned 20, he decided he wanted to fight on the front lines. Jak served as a combat mechanic, fixing machinery in the heat of battle. At age 35, Jak has toyed with the idea of moving to a safer position within the military. That was until he was offered a spot in the special ops program to defend Earth.  MaddoxMaddox, a seasoned veteran, is no stranger to war. At a ripe 46 years of age, Maddox is still kicking ass and taking names on the battlefield. Orphaned at birth, he never knew his parents and was bounced from foster home to foster home. As a troubled youth, the court system gave him a second chance to turn his life around when a judge offered him the options of an extended stay in jail or military service. He eventually went on to become the top weapons instructor and has racked up over 500 kills on the battlefield. Maddox makes for a much-needed addition to the special ops teams fight against the Cayrzac.  Colonel Williams John R. Williams, Colonel of the Earth Army, has served his planet since 2611. He was responsible for planning and supervising the Mars Defense Program from 2420 - 2424 and the success of Project Ice Storm during the invasion of Neptune from 2428 - 2430. Williams ran for President of Earth in 2431, where he lost to his opponent Ronald T. Reed, at which time he returned to the military to develop more advanced planetary defense systems. Williams specializes in robotics and defense strategies, allowing him to spearhead Project Fairweather, creating new Shells for advanced pilots. K.I.R.A.K.I.R.A., or Kinetic Interface Real-time Application, is a state-of-the-art, intelligent navigation and information system. Created to replace the Colossus system for the new Shell unit. K.I.R.A. is a self-teaching A.I. unit, capable of scanning environments, compiling data, and relaying messages to the pilot faster and more efficiently than Colossus. K.I.R.A. will automatically transfer its stored user data to a new Shell if the pilot chooses a new unit, even if that unit is destroyed. The system will relay data to and from HQ, delivering crucial evidence, delivering mission dossiers, and calling for backup when needed. K.I.R.A. is designed to form bonds with humans, allowing pilots to put greater confidence in the system. K.I.R.A. will analyze characteristics of a pilot, such as openness, agreeableness, and neuroticism, along with other traits, and restructure itself to work in the most efficient way possible with each individual pilot.So far we only have one boss in the game. The Hellbringer is a gigantic spider-like mech, programmed with a high-level A.I. This machine is used to tear apart cities and eradicate armed forces. The Hellbringer has two heads, which it deals different attacks from. The left head absorbs energy from the surrounding environment and unleashes a powerful sweeping photon beam attack, the right head emits a swarm of homing missiles that target nearby enemies. A rotating laser turret is located in the center of the machine that, when damaged, will retract momentarily in order to repair itself. A power core is buried beneath its metal exterior. Exposing the core and destroying it will bring down the machine. Data collected from the core may be used to create powerful weapons that can help stop the invasion.The art style in Metal Shell: Neon Pulse takes into account the nostalgia for the 80’s and its classic neon aesthetic. The art has the sleekness of vector sprites and incorporates a mix of detailed backgrounds with the brighter more simplistic playable foregrounds, giving a sense of depth as the player explores the world. Animations are being created in Spine 2D, which lends to their smooth and unique look.The music of Metal Shell: Neon Pulse primarily draws inspiration from the 80’s soundscape. This includes musical devices such as vibrant FM Synthesis (Yamaha DX7 for the win!), radical electric guitar shredding, slick gated reverb, and an electric drum kit you have to hear to believe. Now add catchy melodies, innovative harmonies, and colorful arrangements and you have the music of Metal Shell: Neon Pulse."	""
"307"	"918100"	"Space Cowboy"	2018-09-15	2.99	"Action,Indie,Casual"	"About This GameSpace Cowboy is a game from Torchlight Studio. Based upon the retro topdown space shooters of yesteryear but with a more polished look and smoother game play.Now available on PC via Steam.​Space Cowboy features a single player campaign to battle alien foes at high speeds. The rule is simple, SURVIVE. You only have ONE life!. Defeat waves of alien invaders to defend Earth, using what power ups you can while dodging space debris and be hailed as the savior of humanity.Or face off against an endless horde of aliens in survival mode and see how long you can last"	""
"308"	"590500"	"MiniBotz - SoundTrack"	2017-02-08	1.99	""	"About This ContentThe music of minibotz1.MiniBotz-Weird Hop Fin2.MiniBotz-TrailerMix3.MiniBotz-RINK4.MiniBotz-GameON5.MiniBotz-TechHouse6.MiniBotz-SpaceBap7.MiniBotz-RoundHouse8.MiniBotz-ReleaseMe9.MiniBotz-PeteyLabby10.MiniBotz-LevelUp11.MiniBotz-JumpTheBoogie12.MiniBotz-ISlap13.MiniBotz-Fight14.MiniBotz-Diamondz15.MiniBotz-December14th16.MiniBotz-DeathDreams17.MiniBotz-Build Him18.MiniBotz-BoomBoy19.MiniBotz-BigBang20.MiniBotz-BedroomSlap21.MiniBotz-extreme22.MiniBotz-Cinco23.MiniBotz-Crafty Track24.MiniBotz-BOTZBang12425.MiniBotz-block26.MiniBotz-Mack27.MiniBotz-Clip28.MiniBotz-Chord Progression29.MiniBotz-Bit30.MiniBotz-All Hail King"	" We want YOUR input! Thank you for taking the time and having the interest in the continued development of MiniBotz!We would love to hear your suggestions and feature requests here in this thread so please tell us! You can also join us on our Dis...,It's Not a Bug It's a FEATURE!!!!,ISSUEMusic replays itself in menu making you hear multiple of the theme simultaneouslyOSWindows 10 x64GFX CARDGTX 970Direct X 11RAM16gbSTEPSSelect localSelect any mapAt minibot select screen, select back.RESULTSNow you should he...,ISSUEAs Mack, if you're in the Tub where the cans are located in the bathroom map and you hold the mouse down, you'll get stuck plenty of times that leave you vulnerable.I believe it's because the game believes Mack is in the air so he's immobilized un..."
"309"	"401580"	"Fate Tectonics - OST"	2015-09-10	0.99	"Strategy,Indie,Simulation"	"About This ContentAn assembled, linear version of the dynamic in-game music, heavily influenced by 16-bit sounds of the Super Nintendo. Featuring two versions of the music, as a “side A”: Serenity, a SNES-style symphonic mix, and “side B”: Chaos, a heavy electronic mix. The worlds are the same structure and duration, just viewed through the lens of a different Fate. The dynamic in-game music is comprised of up to 16 instrument channels, which change volume and form to evolve along with the players’ choices. Each track roughly marks a point in the game where another fate’s temple has been added to the world, highlighting the relationship between the different voices.Track listing: 01. I. Void (Serenity) (01:25)02. II. Civilization (Serenity) (02:50)03. III. Waters (Serenity) (02:08)04. IV. Forests (Serenity) (01:25)05. V. Pestilence (Serenity) (01:04)06. VI. Rebuild (Serenity) (02:08)07. VII. Mountains (Serenity) (03:54)08. VIII. Ice (Serenity) (04:15)09. IX. Fire (Serenity) (02:51)10. I. Void (Chaos) (01:25)11. II. Civilization (Chaos) (02:50)12. III. Waters (Chaos) (02:08)13. IV. Forests (Chaos) (01:25)14. V. Pestilence (Chaos) (01:04)15. VI. Rebuild (Chaos) (02:08)16. VII. Mountains (Chaos) (03:54)17. VIII. Ice (Chaos) (04:15)18. IX. Fire (Chaos) (02:51)19. Fate Tectonics (01:07)"	" Updated: October 2, 2015 If you're having a problem with your save game file, there's an easy way to get help!Here's how:   Post here and describe your problem. Feel free to attach a screenshot if that helps illustrate your issue mor...,Is there any way to stop the fates from bouncing around all over the screen? It's annoying and distracting.,-title-,I just loaded my save, started a new age and the world is immediately shaking. It's really hard on the eyes. Why is it even happening? No matter what I do everything is still shaking. If I start a new game the shaking isn't there, so it's something with t...,Sometimes it seems fates go into an infinite cycling around the world instead of throwing their tantrum when enraged:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/449610456049351611/4BF974BB195A2562277D1E26B3658CA6F7DE0247/http://images.akamai.steamus..."
"310"	"295178"	"BR Blue/Grey Class 121 Add-On Livery"	2015-01-21	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This Content*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab. You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game. In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the Network SouthEast Class 121 DMU Add-On. If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase. Arguably the most useful of first generation diesel multiple units (DMUs), the Class 121 ‘Bubble Car’ comes to Train Simulator in distinctive BR Blue Grey livery. The unusual single-car units were manufactured by Pressed Steel Company from 1960 onwards and introduced by British Rail for use mainly on the Western Region and around London on suburban and branch line duties. Their distinctive exhaust pipes designed to fit around a large four-digit headcode indicator box made these units fondly regarded by rail fans for their unpretentious appearance and old-fashioned interior and performance characteristics. The ‘Bubble Cars’ became familiar for running Network SouthEast services and upon privatisation of British Rail, the fleet was operated by only one passenger company – Silverlink – with several more units in departmental duties with Railtrack. Today, two Class 121 models remain in revenue generating service with Chiltern Railways, representing the last chance to ride on 1960s slam-door stock on the main line in the UK and signifying a remarkably long life for these fans’ favourite. Five motor cars also remain in preservation across heritage railways in the UK."	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"311"	"706980"	"PaperCat"	2017-09-28	1.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This GamePaperCat is a game about Slick the cat and Frank his human, who loves him despite all the mess he make!It's a 2D puzzle platform game.Pursue butterfly and break things in the way! But shhh... don't awake Frank!In the game you control every Slick action:*move*jump*dashAccording the sequence of that action you will finish each stage.The game has 4 stage sets, each set has its own way to be solved.The stage is clear when all objects are broken or the time counter reachs 0."	""
"312"	"612500"	"Fantasy Grounds - 0one's Colorprints #5: Sewers Below (Map Pack)"	2017-03-20	3.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This Content0one's Colorprints #5: Sewers BelowMap Module for Fantasy GroundsWhich sort of dangers hide in the sewers? Where is exactly located that damned thieves hideout? Where is the temple devoted to that filthy deity? Where is that underground smugglers dock? And, finally, how can we do to avoid becoming hopelessly lost in that damned sewers maze? Find it in Sewers Below!The MazeMany underground waterworks cross and connect themselves in this filthy maze. Some secret doors lead to mysterious chambers containing goods or leading to other places below the city.The HideoutNobody is able to find this hideout whose secret entrance is hidden somewhere in the sewers maze below the city. A corridor encircles the whole hideout and lead to the actual entrance of the complex. Inside, a self-sufficient environment do exist, containing refectory, barracks, storage rooms, a fresh water well, and many other facilities.The TempleSomeone whispers the sewers temple is devoted to a ratlike deity, others tell tales about unaware citizens drawn in the sewers and forever lost, maybe victim of horrid sacrifices. The temple features a main entrance and secret side entrances. Inside many other shrines are found, along with cells, high priests room, kitchen, larder and guardposts.The DockThis sewers dock is well protected by two sturdy portcullises. A nest of rooms, accessible via secret doors, surrounds the dock entrance. The rooms are provided of arrowslits to defend the entrance. Only small rowboats can access the dock, this due to the small size of the sewers channels, although it is told that smugglers can shrink the size of larger boats in order to unload precious cargoes of illegal goods in the storage rooms of the dock.Each map is linked within an easy to follow outline story entry, with links to the map in mutliple resolutions.Fantasy Grounds Conversion by 0one GamesReleased on February 05, 2010. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 2.9.9 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and any ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"313"	"643690"	"TS Marketplace: NER/GNR Non-Corridor LNER Pack"	2018-01-24	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentThese coaches of North Eastern Railway and Great Northern Railway pedigree were built from around 1907. The NER coaches were built under the direction of Wilson Worsdell (the CME of the NER) whilst the GNR were designed by Sir Herbert Nigel Gresley (CME of the GNR and LNER).There were 3 diagrams of NER Non Corridor Elliptical Roof coaches and these were Dia 144 49ft Brake Third, Dia 149 49ft Full Third and Dia 121 52ft Composite. The Brake third had a body width of 8’0” to accommodate the large guard’s duckets. The Third and Composite were 8’6” wide. The LNER liveried set is painted in the LNER’s standard carriage Tan used on carriages not built of more exotic woods such as teak. These long lived carriages lasted in service up until the 1960’s before removal from passenger service.There were comparatively more GNR 58ft Non Corridor Elliptical Roof Teak coaches built in teak to Gresley’s familiar carriage design, this set comprises of a Dia 183 Lavatory Composite Brake, a Dia 274 Lavatory Brake Third, a Dia 121/164 Lavatory Composite and a \"Football Saloon\" to Dia 21. Built with lavatories to give the flexibility to be used on longer runs than the normal suburban commuter rosters. The “Football Saloon” was for use by football teams in the days when they travelled by train to distant fixtures. It was also used for excursion work. All the lavatory coaches were arranged to have toilet access from every seat. The GNR made great use of Brake Composites, often dropping a single unit at a station to form a branch train. Withdrawal dates unknown but thought to be the early 1960’s.Also includes is a NER 45ft Bogie Covered Carriage Truck (CCT) and NER Clerestory Inspection Saloon NER 1661. The CCT was built by the NER from 1915 and the LNER up to 1927, with matchboard sides above the waist and steel panels below. Lasted in service till the late 60’s/early 70’s. Meanwhile the Inspection Saloon was built by the Stockton & Darlington Railway in 1871 as a 6-wheel 3rd Class saloon. Converted by the NER in 1884 to an Inspection Saloon (No.1661) for its Locomotive Superintendent, Edward Fletcher. In 1904 it was rebuilt to a 40 ft bogie vehicle. It became LNER No.21661 and BR E902179E. It was withdrawn by BR in 1969 having been in use for 98 years! It’s famous for being \"The Old Gentleman's Saloon\" in the film “The Railway Children”.Key FeaturesThe NER/GNR Non-Corridor LNER Pack for TS Marketplace includes the following coach types:LNER Ex-GNR Milk BrakeLNER Ex-GNR Brake CompLNER Ex-GNR Brake ThirdLNER Ex-GNR CompositeLNER Ex-GNR Football SaloonLNER Ex-NER Brake ThirdLNER Ex-NER CompositeLNER Ex-NER Covered Carriage TruckLNER Ex-NER Inspection SaloonLNER Ex-NER ThirdDownload size: 106.3 MB"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"314"	"1057261"	"ItazuraVR SfW - Hair Ponytail"	2019-04-01	1.99	"Adventure,Casual"	"About This ContentHairstyle ponytailYou can enjoy her in a different atmosphere than usual.Includes long and short ponytails.4 color variations.BrownSilverblondeDark red"	"I can't do any thing about make L ,I also not find the H option。,https://i.imgtc.com/j2E4Y2Y.jpg,Who has VR headset at work?Who would want to play a SFW \"tamagochi but it is a cute asian girl\" game? Wouldn't an NSFW version be more... Marketable?Why would you want to date your cousin? Seems to me that there are a lot of women in Asia, why settle fo...,My question is, why make a safe for work version after the not safe for work one? Not only that, couldnt they have just combined the two?"
"315"	"699760"	"Triple Otakus Puzzle"	2017-09-04	0.99	"Nudity,Sexual Content,Casual,Indie,Anime"	"About This GameIntroduction:Triple otakus puzzle is Japanese Ecchi style puzzle game project. It contains different puzzle games where used images include sexual anime and etchi style contentFeatures:- 3 GAMEMODESMatch 3 Etchi Puzzle:- 15 levels where target to arrange  and match 3 or more of the same tile to succeed. You get points and stars. 3 Stars in level are maximum if you achieve target score. In every level there are 15 moves to use and some levels are easy some hardMemory etchi puzzle:There is 4 different levels: 8,12,16 and 20 cards containing levelsIf the cards turned face up are the same (a pair) you win and the pair disappears from the game otherwise the cards are automatically turned face down and you need to make a new try. After the game you get result. Poor is one star and excellent is 3 stars. Card images contain some nudityJigsaw etchi puzzle:contain jigsaws which theme are etchi images. There are number of images that you can choose (4 for now)There are 6 different puzzle sizes. More smaller pieces , more difficult it is. While playing you can also watch that which kind fully solved jigsaw isPLANNED FEATURES:- Possible AchievementsPossible trading cards,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Game has nudity images in puzzles. "	"Posted: September 4, 2017do yourself a favour and just google stuff instead.4 stretched images and awful puzzle piece placement.everything about this game is bad, bring back greenlight.,Posted: January 22, 2018no!, No!, NO! this game (cough) needs more of everything, There is no nudity (more like scantily clad), Sexual Content<>WHERE?, casual LOL! Installing the game is casual, this is more like humdrum boring.,Posted: December 27, 2017Product received for freeGot this game as a gift. Was \"amazing\" for the less than ten minutes it takes to experience the whole game. Truely bottom of the trash heap.,Posted: February 10, 2018Just horrible.,Posted: November 12, 2017Product received for freeThis proves once again that not all gifts are meant to act as a sign of kindness,Posted: September 5, 2017When your game's main feature is ecchi but you can't spell ecchi right http://i.imgur.com/yku3h9a.png(edit: it's supposedly been changed, but that doesn't make the game any better)Gameplay video, just because https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uavj_SEsupE,Posted: September 7, 2017I expected garbage, but it was even worse than that. Not even worth it for the irony.Also to all 12-year-olds, before you go spending your allowance, you can google better porn in seconds for free. Better porn games, too. Save that money for when you wreck your PC with viruses.,Posted: August 9, 2018This is an example of everything that is wrong with Steam at the moment. I spent 3 cents worth of loyalty points I discovered in an old indie game site I'd almost forgotten I had to buy this and it still wasn't worth it. There's 2 minutes worth of buggy \"game\" in here. I've been increasing my Steam library recently, but this is so bad I'm reconsidering that. Or I'm wondering if I can slap together something better and shove it up on Steam too just to earn an extra couple of bucks a month at the cost of my sense of self-worth.tldr; Junk. Avoid.,Posted: October 24, 2018Play for 5 minute and there is no more content. Triple Otakus Puzzle is boring and bland \"game\". Don't waste your time and money on it.,Posted: November 16, 2017With better artwork, Achievements and Cards this could be a decent budget game. As is, its not worth 39 pence."
"316"	"786040"	"Haunted Hotel: Lonely Dream"	2018-01-22	6.99	"Adventure,Casual,Hidden Object"	"About This GameExplore the Haunted Hotel and experience supernatural phenomenon for yourself in Haunted Hotel: The Lonely Dream! Find Hidden Objects as you explore the different rooms of the hotel and discover spooky secrets. Collect helpful Inventory objects to help you progress through the building, and solve tricky puzzles. Each room brings you closer to the truth in Haunted Hotel: The Lonely Dream!Gorgeous graphicsAwesome gameplayExplore the Haunted Hotel!This is a Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game, meaning a specific genre of story-driven, point & click adventures. Throughout the game, players are tasked to find a list of objects hidden within a particular scene, and to occasionally complete various mini-games/puzzles."	""
"317"	"690280"	"ASMR Universe 2"	2017-09-07	6.99	"Audio Production,Utilities,Casual,Atmospheric,Singleplayer,Sandbox,Dark,Abstract,Simulation,Indie,Relaxing,Experimental,Surreal,Great Soundtrack,Music,Cute,Software,Colorful"	"About This SoftwareASMR Universe is back. Now with more sounds and workshop support!ASMRAutonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR) is defined as pleasurable tingling sensations in the head, scalp, back, or anywhere in the body in response to visual, auditory, tactile, olfactory, or cognitive stimuli.ASMR also aids in relaxation and sleep. Many people experience ASMR differently so there are a wide array of sounds included, all sounds can also be pitch-shifted; this way virtually any sound can be made into something relaxing. ASMR Universe gives the user the power to shape a complete universe of sounds.Features    More Than 300 Sounds    Share your creations with the Steam Workshop (However, you cannot share custom sounds this way because of legal reasons)    The ability to create sounds paths which moves the sounds across a sound space through different speakers/audio space(left, right, behind, etc)    The Ability to Save and Load Universes    Sounds can be recorded with 'r' and will be saved as a wav file in the game's installation directory    Characters can be selected using keys 1-8    Relax At Home, Work, While You Game    Add custom sounds(These can be mp3, ogg or wav format)  - however saving and sharing is not supported with custom sounds for legal reasons."	"Posted: November 4, 2017Actually absorbed by the creativity and bought without any hesitation.Seems that UI is better than version 1 , but there is lots of loops with flaws in it.Some of them cannot catch the previous loop prefectly , and the BPM of them are different so that cannot match in a smooth way.I wont return ASMR universe but reserve the NOT RECOMMEND until it develop more complete.Hope it better!,Posted: September 14, 2017bad quality random sounds, most of those are recorded with annoying background noise,most of the sound samples are not relaxing at all, annoying cheap circus sounds.A lot of good quality binaural field audio are on the youtube. it is nowhere from that.Those guys make investments of high quality binaural microphones.ASMR Universe is a cheap piece of junk, drag and drop and click events with cheap stock sounds.,Posted: October 12, 2017Product received for freeASMR Universe 2 is a simple tool that does its job poorly.The sounds are customizable, but most of the built-in samples aren't relaxing as the store page implies. You get random sounds, like dog barks and cat meows. Below that lies a fairly nice speaker orientation system, though. You can move sounds to the left or right of the center icon and they will play in each speaker based on their horizontal position. Unfortunately, the sounds do not play in surround sound like I hoped.The controls are also very unintuitive, but I figured out the controls fairly easily due to there not being much you can really do in this tool other than drag sound effect icons around and spawn and delete them. The delete key should be used to delete a selected sound effect object, but it doesn't; the right-click does it instead. While this isn't necessarily bad, I was confused and worried for a short period of time about how to delete objects. I wish the dev would give us more than one way to delete these objects. Overall, the interface controls need more work, especially for such a simple tool.Finally, I'm a little confused why this is even a sequel. What wasn't in the original ASMR Universe that warranted a sequel? I didn't and do not plan to play the original.,Posted: September 8, 2017A masterpiece.Hello! As a little bit of background, my name is Kyle - I'm 32 years old and I suffer from Asperger syndrome.What this game does wellThe game can help you create some beautiful ASMR fantasies. Suffering from Aspergers, I find it hard sometimes to express myself and feel unique. I bought this software not expecting much and I left feeling amazed.The sounds are beautiful, they are very hot and good quality. They sound super nice on my custom headset I built.I love the nice sounds that gently enter your ears, they leave a satisfying tingle and make me feel warm.This software is truly a masterpiece and I recommend you buy it right now. Not only is it cheap - but it will provide an amazing asmr masturbation session.Thank you developer, I hope to hear some more crisp sounds soon :smiley:,Posted: October 6, 2017there are more good then bad reviews and to be honest it doesnt deserve the good onedont get me wrong the sounds are great but the controls arent so i wouldnt recommend it,Posted: September 10, 20176/10ASMR is quite weird.A great little app to get started exploring AMSR (Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response).Using this and listening to the loops as you add sounds and move them around te \"sound universe\"is like rebooting your mind. Particularly with headphones. And it comes with 7.1 support.A few minutes toying with this and I'm all chilled out and my three dogs have wandered into the room and gone to sleep.Handy for making sound effects and background sound loops for your games too, you can record output as a WAV file simply by pressing 'R'.The Dev has made this with unity,and it has a nice feel to it, almost everything is very intuitive.There is no manual as such, but a useful help tab in the edit screen which covers everything you need to know in a brief clear way.You can save your \"sound universes\" to the steam workshop, save them on your pc, or record them as audio tracks. In addition you can import sounds, loops or beats in several audio formats, inclusding OGG into a custom sound library accessed under a separate tab.  (You can't share universes with imported custom sounds to the workshop for legal reasons).,Posted: September 30, 2017Product received for freeAn absolute \"almost\" 360 from ASMR the first version. Thank you for allowing imports to be added of our own sounds! SOUND PATH FEATURE ROCKS!The changing of the icon in the middle was a nice addition and being able to hear other uploads within the steam community workshop is fantastic! The ability to change the background color as well as the text color of the nodes is great as I have some issues with readin certain colors. Issues/concerns: Load time for shared ASNR uploads from community Why can't the new node that is requested automatically take on the role of the sound we want instead of having to select tthe plus icon then select the node as well? I mean if the plus icon is already selected would it not mean that you are ready to work with the new node? I can see selecting a node already in play - having to click on that; but having to select the new node to allow the sound you want to go to that one frustrates me a bit. I'm already on the new sound once I've requested a new node and I end up changing the one I've already created. A possible maybe - Any chance to have the background an option for loe level ambient light strobe effect? For those that listen to this in the office or at home = just to have the colors shimmer or fade into one another in the background as you're trying to relax?Aside from that -  this is definitely better than the first one! Thank you so much!,Posted: September 10, 2017Awesome  Game  Its funny and weird .. And its so easy to use,  Even if you made a mistake it sounds like a masterpiece   its been 2 days since i bought this game and now i have like 8 diferent Themes , Horror , Action, Nature, and much more ! I Recomment  this game for your Friends or family. Thank you !And Have a Nice Day !,Posted: December 24, 2017Would love to hear some better quality sounds and more choices for nature realted options.I love the idea of this and has great potential, will be good after some updates and more sounds added etcHope this gets picks up and gets updated well."
"318"	"974342"	"Roarr! - Oriental Skin Pack"	2018-11-07	0.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentWoohoo! If controlling a huge, green and sinister dinosaur is not enough for you, I have something absolutely original! A unique DLC that will allow you to change the hero in a set of outfits straight from China!This set contains:- Chinese dragon costume (perfect for celebrating every occasion, even small ones)- the outfit of a charming panda (which will work well, when you will play with your younger sister)- tiger costume (but do not worry! It's harmless)It's sexy and you know it!"	"Guys, we are fully aware that some of you might experience some problems or simply find issues that our testing teams happened to miss in the process. We've put a lot of effort into ensuring that Roarr! is as polished as possible, but if you happen to enc...,Is it online co-op, couch co-op, or both?,I mean, The game literally tells you that it's full of polygons!,I have bought a skin pack and installed it, but how do i change the skin ingame?,Roarr!!!  We've just announced the release date and, you know, it's today!:) The game will launch on PC and Nintendo Switch with sharp graphics, fast combos and a lot of deadly battles and vicious enemies. It is time for Rex to teach new alien neighbors a..."
"319"	"723130"	"Railgunners"	NA	730640	"Action,Indie,Shoot 'Em Up"	"About This GameRailgunners is a story driven shooter, in a mix of shmup and runner genre.Fight your way through hundreds of enemy ships, and help humanity fight back against the alien invasion!There are 3 playable characters to choose from, each one with a unique experimental ship,armed with powerful guns and special abilities!To accomplish you mission you will need to smash into one the main reactors of the alienmothership, responsible for raising a energy shield, that can only be trespassed using materials with a special frequency which your ship are made of.The gameplay follows a simple but challenging cycle. At the start of each round your ship will be shot through a giant Railgun, and you will have a go against the enemy forces, the thing is, the technology necessary to use the ships consumes way too much energy, and it will be slowly depleted until you are either shot down, or your energy ends, that will mark the end of the round and you will be teleported back to the base. Once you are back, you can spend the DATA point that are accumulated through your fights against the invaders, making both the Railgun and your ship stronger, so you can last longer until you finally reach your missions objective.Features:- 3 playable characters with unique balancing and skills- 5 plus stages, each one with a challenging boss blocking your passage- Procedural enemy placement, it’s not enough to mimic your past movements, learn to read the enemy and act accordingly- Defeated bosses and certain upgrades reached will unlock the beats of the story- Challenging gameplay, be ready to sharpen your reflexes!"	""
"320"	"993922"	"RPG Maker MV - The Adventurer's Journey III"	2018-12-06	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentThe Adventurer's Journey III continues to provide the backdrop for all of your adventuring needs. Taking a trip to the past, this musical medley is composed of timeless melodic pieces. Whether you're looking for the quiet theme to accompany a tragic event, or merely a hint of nostalgia, you'll find the perfect theme with this pack.This pack contains:20 Orchestrated TracksLooped OGG Vorbis files and m4a formatsThe MP3 version of the tracks are also includedRoyalty free music to use in your commercial and non-commercial game projectsTracklist:Battle of the MindBloomed DawnBoarding the SeasChance at RomanceCherry BlossomsClank and TurnCloudless SkiesDreadly IndeedEarly AsahiEye SpyFungeons!Heiwa HillsLearning the RopesPlaying AroundPrelude to HappinessPuzzling the BoxReverse the ClockRusting PipesSadness EverlastingSnowdropsSoflty FallingStraining the LightSubtle Emotion"	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,Title says it all. Want to make a part of my dungeon with moving platforms the player has to get on to move across a space but can't quite figure out how to make it work.,do you guys know any? or a way to change the battle system to atb,HelloI was wondering if anyone could help me find new animations for this. I've been looking at the nets, and tried various things. but I found nothing very inspiring and I am unable to create new animations ,Posted: April 30it's ok.,I just picked up 3 more music packs, I strongly suggest you new people do the sameI've been here quite awhile and Have A LOT of the DLC's, but you never know what you're going to need down the road, so best to scout around and get stuff while it's on sa...,Posted: May 3one day i will complete a projectthen you'll seeyou'll ALLLLL see,Posted: May 4Guy who made this is a mastermind...He deserves every penny for this.Thank you man.<3,So, for thematic purposes, i was trying to jury rig a 'metronome' like move that would randomly pull up a move for the PCs to use in battle.  It used a common event, around 18 If statements with else statements, and the Random Set feature for the variable..."
"321"	"908730"	"TimeScar: Hyperion"	2018-11-08	4.99	"Early Access,Early Access,Indie,Strategy,Hex Grid,Turn-Based Combat,Turn-Based Tactics,Grid-Based Movement,Singleplayer,Fantasy,Turn-Based"	"About This GameThe world has been broken into pieces, the multiverse has almost collapsed. You find yourself in the city of Hyperion, that seems to be trapped outside time and space. This makes a perfect battleground for you and your fellow summoners.Features Enjoy turn-based combat on a hexagonal grid, just like the old times Play as one of 8 distinct summoners Summon creatures ranging from simple skeletons to a legendary phoenix Experience adventure mode, which gets you acquainted with all of the creatures Play against your friends (or foes) to see who is the tactical mastermind"	""
"322"	"301170"	"Leadwerks Game Engine: Indie Edition Demo"	2014-08-01	NA	""	"About This GameLeadwerks is the easiest way to make games that look amazing.  With a rapid development pipeline, Lua script integration, plenty of learning materials, and a royalty-free license, Leadwerks is the perfect platform for your next project or your first game.  Try Leadwerks for free with this demo.Key FeaturesLearn to Make Your Own Royalty-Free GamesWe provide tons of documentation and video tutorials walking you through the steps to build your own 3D games.  Leadwerks is the perfect pathway to go from total noob to pro game developer.  And when you do publish your commercial game, there's no royalties to pay, ever.Advanced GraphicsLeadwerks brings AAA graphics to the masses, with hardware tessellation, geometry shaders, and a deferred renderer with up to 32x MSAA.  Our renderer redefines realtime with image quality more like a cg render than real-time games of the past.  The use of OpenGL 4.0 provides equivalent graphics to DirectX 11, with cross-platform support across operating systems, for future expansion.Built-in Level Design ToolsBuild game levels from scratch right in our editor with constructive solid geometry.  Our tools make it easy to sketch out your design and bring your ideas to life.  Anyone can build their own game worlds in Leadwerks, without having to be an expert artist.Integrated Lua Script EditorWe integrated Lua right into Leadwerks because of its proven track records in hundreds of commercial games including Crysis, World of Warcraft, and Garry's Mod. Lua integrates seamlessly with native code for rapid prototyping and instant control.  The built-in debugger lets you pause your game, step through code, and inspect every variable in the program in real-time.  Lua is perfect for beginners, and the integrated Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler ensures your games will keep running fast as they grow.Visual Flowgraph for Advanced Game MechanicsOur unique visual flowgraph enables designers to set up game mechanics, build interactions, and design advanced scripted sequences, without touching a line of code.  The flowgraph system integrates seamlessly with Lua script, allowing script programmers to expose their own functions and add new possibilities for gameplay.Royalty-Free LicenseYour games you make are yours.  Yours to play, yours to sell, yours to give away, and do as you please.  You will never be charged royalties for any game you make in Leadwerks.  And because we only rely on free open-source middleware libraries, you never have to worry about purchasing expensive licenses from third parties.Steam Features (some features require full version)Download and publish game content with Steam Workshop.Publish your Lua game to the Workshop for other users to play.Publish image renders and YouTube videos directly to Steam from the editor.Built-in Steamworks support makes your game ready to publish to Steam.GraphicsOpenGL 4.0 deferred renderer with uniform lighting model supports any number of lights, all casting soft dynamic shadows.Up to 32x hardware MSAA makes rendered images incredibly sharp and detailed.Full support for vertex, fragment, geometry, and tessellation shaders.Dynamic megatexture terrain provides fast rendering of terrains with many layers.Hierarchical hardware occlusion queries provides fast visibility testing.Hardware tessellation for dynamic real surface displacement on the GPU.Normal mapping with specular and cubemap reflections.Instanced rendering allows fast drawing of large volumes of objects.Hardware skinning provides fast skinned animation.Deferred transparency with multiple overlapping layers of shading.Real-time mesh modification.Trilinear and up to 16x anisotropic filtering.Blend and transition animation sequences.Extract animation sequences in the editor.EditorAutomatic asset management reloads models and textures when they are modified from another application.Drag and drop import of FBX, DDS, BMP, JPG, PNG, TGA, and PSD files.Visual interface controls every aspect of the art pipeline.Constructive solid geometry modeling tools.Brush primitives include box, wedge, cylinder, sphere, arch, tube, and torus.Automatic UV mapping.Brush smooth groups.GPU-accelerated terrain editor makes sculpting silky smooth and fast.Built-in shader editor with instant visualization and error highlighting.Native user interface is used on each supported platform.ProgrammingBuilt-in Lua script editor with debugger, code stepping, and syntax highlighting.Visual flowgraph lets you connect objects to control game interactions and set up scripted sequences.Launch your game and debug the Lua virtual machine as it runs.API design with an object-oriented command set lets you code any type of game.Entity scripts provide a per-object hook interface.Direct programming gives you control over your game's loop and program structure.Script variables are displayed in a visual interface and reloaded in real-time.AINavmesh pathfinding provides automatic AI navigation that works everywhere.Navigation paths are displayed in the editor in real-time as you build your game level.Character controller movement seamlessly integrated with physics and pathfinding systems.Set entities to automatically chase another object or navigate to a position.PhysicsFast and accurate rigid body physics.Constraints including hinge, ball, and sliding joints.Joint actuators provide fast and stable motorized constraints for doors, robotic arms, and other motion.Automatic physics shape calculation.Generate physics shapes in the editor from models or brushes.Swept collision.Raycasting with lines or spheres.ParticlesReal-time particle editor with instant visualization.Emission volumes include box, sphere, cylinder, tube, and cone.Adjustable curve graph for alpha and scale.Particle animation sheets with adjustable frame counts and layout.Velocity-based rotation for directional particles like sparks.Sound3D sound spatialization.Emit a sound from any entity.Automatic channel management frees up unneeded channels.Skip to any time in sound."	""
"323"	"442020"	"Project Graviton - Soundtrack"	2016-02-12	0.99	"Indie,Soundtrack"	"About This ContentThis DLC contains Project Graviton's Soundtrack at 320Kbps, made by Balraj Bains aka BBa. If you like electronic and chill music to go along with your games then this one could be for you. Project Graviton's Soundtrack is made with sci-fi theme in mind. If you loved the soundtrack of Project Gravitation then please support the artist, who is also the developer of the game by buying this DLC.  Soundtracks Included: 1. G-101 (2:57) 2. G-102 (2:38) 3. G-103 (2:43) 4. G-104 (3:23) 5. G-105 (1:54) 6. G-110 (2:24) 7. G-111 (2:44) ------------------- 7 Tracks : 18+ minsNote: This DLC doesn't include soundtracks made by Eric Matyas."	"___________________________________________############################################################################################ERROR inaction number 1of  Step Event0for object obj_control_achievements:Data structure with index does not exi...,On the game page, it says: \"Full controller support\", but which controllers are really supported? I have got good experiences with my Speedlink Strike FX gamepad, sometimes with the help of the tool Xpadder, but this game doesn't seem to 'like' my control...,Hi guys,I'm still having trouble with 2 achievements.  How do you like me now? (Trigger 16 bombs one after the other and survive) Catch some waves (Ride the moving platform on Act-3, level-2 for 10 seconds)...,woldu cmu agin!111,The game keeps on crashing as soon as I try to go through the elevator door at the first screen of the game. It gave me an error message below. I'm using a decent gaming labtop and running it on windows 10. I tried re-installing as well as changing some o..."
"324"	"968230"	"Wish Giver - Reward 3$"	2018-11-09	2.99	"Strategy,Adventure,Free to Play,RPG,Indie"	"About This Content------------------------------------------------------------------该DLC仅仅是做打赏使用，如果您喜欢该游戏可以购买支持一下哦！------------------------------------------------------------------"	"https://store.steampowered.com/app/1041760/感谢大家支持！玩家群：597671541,I have absoluty no clue what it means when it says the answer is up triangle, square, square, circle, down triangle when you have numbered buttons to press.The heart tokens don't offer help any either.has anyone gotten the answer for this yet??,那个电脑让输入名字，但是我无法确定,Before of all sorry with my english.The game is a demo with only chapter 1?, or I have a problem loading the chapter 2?, because, when the chapter 1 ends, the game send me to the title screen...And again, sorry xDD,I am trying to play through this game as I have been genuinely interested in it! But sadly it seems as if some lines were not fully translated and I am not a fluent Chinese speaker or reader, so I was wondering if I could somehow get some translations for...,?,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1030090更多游戏：https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289QQ群：597671541感谢大家支持！,Posted: May 3Product received for freeI just finished chapter one and they're already a lot of areas that still aren't a lot of things translated. Example after reading the diary she says something but it's not in English, they're many more examples for just chapter one which is where I just finished. The translation at some parts is also pretty bad but still be able to understand so I don't mind that. I can already say it's a decent game, but translation still needs work.Edit: I forgot to mention you can softlock your game if you get the rusty key and accidentally go to the other door that goes to the living room, which you better hoped you saved or else you're screwed and have to restart the game. It's my first impression so take this with a grain of salt. But due to the many amounts of untranslated parts aswell as the poorly translated parts I'll just leave this game alone. However the games artwork is good and the puzzles on normal are decent."
"325"	"540220"	"AIRHEART - The Original Soundtrack"	2016-10-13	4.99	"Indie,Great Soundtrack,Music,Atmospheric,Soundtrack,Epic"	"About This ContentIt's the Soundtrack of AIRHEART - Tales of broken Wings, in \"224kbps MP3's\" format. Six Tracks in a beautiful 38 Minutes EP soundscape. If you like the Music of Airheart, please consider getting the OST to and directly support Michel Barengo for his fantastic work.Tracklist:1. Main Menu (1:05)2. Amelia's Workshop (1:23)3. Cherry Blossom (4:01)4. Autumn Forest (5:16)5. A New Start (4:06)6. Snow Crest (5:51)7. Above the Blossom Tree (4:06)8. Battle in the Sky (3:03)9. Stratosphere (5:40)10. Teaser 2016 (0:45)11. Bonus Track - The Chicken Radio Song (3:33)Please Note: once purchased, the bonus content will appear in the game's root installation directory."	"Yesterday we were able to celebrate 5 years of Blindflug Studios! We started with development for iOS and Android, and with Airheart we were able to release a game on PC & Mac, PlayStation, XBox and the Nintendo Switch, which probably is the dream of every game developer.We want to celebrate our 5 years with our players, so we made a Sale for all our Steam games for the next couple days; all our games are reduced to up to 50%!If you look closely at the picture, maybe you'll see some hints to our games! You can find the bundle with all our games here (off 50%): Flying Blind BundleIf you want to keep up with all the news we'll have;TwitterFacebook[www.facebook.com]Instagram[www.instagram.com]Here are some impressions from our team over the last 5 years, thanks for being part of our journey and we're looking forward to bring awesome new games to you in the future!First sign of Airheart in 2015: unnamed concept art in a pitchThe Airheart booth at Gamescom 2016The team at work on Airheart in 2017Winning the Big Indie Pitch in 2018 with Airheart for Switch:,Am i the only one that feels this game would have been beter off without the full restart on death feature, lose some parts and money on a \"failed mission\" sure but dam.. losing all my known recepies aswell.. i dunno, its to harsh for a casual game like t...,Boost is lifeI'm not sure what the devil z's \"rage\" is and dont wanna waste money. What does it do?,I have really enjoyed the game and as such have decided to chase achievements as if it were fishes.But I am missing one, the \"Army of one\" which requirement is  You've crafted every single weapon in the game! You could equip a real revolt against ...,Downloaded this game today. Trying to play on a Mac, when the game loads it won't show any title screen or anything other than a white flickering screen. Like the white noise snow screen you used to see on old TV's with no reception. Can hear the game it ...,There are lots of fun things about the game, but honestly, I think overall, Airheart is too punishing to be fully enjoyed the way it was meant.One of the most frustrating things are the police units. Sometimes they will come off the screen, aggoed to an..."
"326"	"1006972"	"RPG Maker MV - Gandharah"	2019-01-10	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentTravel to fantastical and exotic places with this new pack from Ayato Sound Create. Featuring Eastern instruments blended with modern synthetic textures and percussion evoke far off visions of every day life, temples, bazaars, deserts, palaces and more. * 20 Songs for royalty-free use* OGG, M4A and MP3 formats included* Music for many places and events including deserts, palaces, temples, daily life, and more!* For use in RPG Maker MV or the engine of your choiceTracklist: 1 - Temple2 - Nation3 - Daily Life4 - Far East5 - The King6 - Back Street7 - Shrine Maiden8 - Reincarnation9 - Night10 - Castle Town11 - Thief's Song12 - Secret Art13 - Desert14 - Musk15 - Abyss16 - Regret17 - Merchant18 - Palace19 - Phobia20 - Primitive"	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,Title says it all. Want to make a part of my dungeon with moving platforms the player has to get on to move across a space but can't quite figure out how to make it work.,do you guys know any? or a way to change the battle system to atb,HelloI was wondering if anyone could help me find new animations for this. I've been looking at the nets, and tried various things. but I found nothing very inspiring and I am unable to create new animations ,Posted: April 30it's ok.,I just picked up 3 more music packs, I strongly suggest you new people do the sameI've been here quite awhile and Have A LOT of the DLC's, but you never know what you're going to need down the road, so best to scout around and get stuff while it's on sa...,Posted: May 3one day i will complete a projectthen you'll seeyou'll ALLLLL see,Posted: May 4Guy who made this is a mastermind...He deserves every penny for this.Thank you man.<3,So, for thematic purposes, i was trying to jury rig a 'metronome' like move that would randomly pull up a move for the PCs to use in battle.  It used a common event, around 18 If statements with else statements, and the Random Set feature for the variable..."
"327"	"945530"	"Bohrdom"	2018-12-20	2.99	"Action,Indie,Difficult,Bullet Hell,Split Screen,Multiplayer"	"About This GameThis is technically a skill-based, non-violent asymmetrical fighting game loosely derived from a chemistry model that is itself loosely based on reality. Alternatively, think of it as a hybrid of a bullet hell and a racing game, with the inclusion of self-propelled pinballs. If you love chemistry or physics, you'll probably enjoy this. If you hate chemistry or physics... you'll still probably enjoy this.High-Speed, Low-Stress: ElectronElectron gameplay involves scoring as high as possible and/or escaping the current atom. Physics is heavily involved with electron gameplay, as electrons are accelerated towards desired positions by firing Photons in the opposite direction. In addition, electrons will ricochet off each other, the rings of the current atom, and even the nucleus itself, so quick trajectory calculations are often required.High-Stress, Low-Speed: NucleusThe antithesis of electron gameplay, Nucleus gameplay is focused around keeping electrons from escaping the current atom. Nuclei never move, remaining locked to the center of the atom. Instead, they control the atom itself, with abilities that allow them to lock atomic rings against electrons' exit, change electrons' trajectory, and keep electrons' energy below critical levels. Given the number of electrons that must be controlled (up to 12) and the speed and trajectory changes they are prone to, nucleus play is filled with leading targets and multitasking. If there's anything that'd make you fear the thought of being a sodium atom, it's this.Multiple GamemodesCampaign: Primarily a method by which to unlock more atomic playing fields, but also contains a story told through the backgroundsSingle-Player Challenges: In Timed modes, practice or replay campaign levels; for the skilled, test how long you can maintain control of an atom in the infinite time Control modes (nucleus only)Local Multiplayer: Allows up to four people to engage in splitscreen competition. Quantum Nightmares: Online multiplayer that can hold up to 13 people in one match. Simultaneously the most responsive and least responsive multiplayer you'll ever experience. (Consider a game where position, energy, actions, etc are synchronized between all players. Now consider a game where only actions are even considered and positions are only hinted at...)Nothing UnearnedAll cosmetics are either unlocked by default or locked behind achievements, meaning that the more noticeable ones are also badges of skill and/or dedication."	""
"328"	"267360"	"MURI"	2013-12-06	4.99	"Action,Platformer,Retro,Female Protagonist,2D,Indie,Pixel Graphics,Sci-fi,Singleplayer,Old School,Cute"	"About This GameMURI is a DOS-style shooter from Remar Games and Ludosity.After the colonization of Mars, a team of scientists design an armor suit of cataclysmic power, sparking a conflict between several factions. When Mars suddenly vanishes, one woman sets out to discover the fate of humanity.Inspired by the games of its time, MURI is an authentic '80s experience, with the focus often changing between run-and-gun action and more tactical combat.Game features* PC speaker music and sound* 16-color EGA graphics* Optional TURBO mode!"	"Posted: December 6, 2013Do you enjoy EGA DOS platform games, à la Duke Nukem 1? Then check this out. It is superb (and cheap!)There are a couple nitpicky things, like a lack of a savegame feature and the way your guy stays facing the same way as long as you're shooting, but nothing terrible. There are reasons for both being there and you get used to them.Personally I loved it. Over in about 2 hours and a blast the entire way!,Posted: October 19, 2014Muri is one of the best \"retro games\" I've ever played, but I don't think I could recommend it to someone who didn't live through the EGA era. Though if you did, it's the best two hours you'll spend today.,Posted: October 31, 2014Earlier today, I bought a game called MURI.A couple of hours ago, I started playing MURI.Ten minutes ago, I finished MURI.Short, but sweet. Good level design, nice feel to the combat, varied enemies. The audio design is meh (doesn't have any music either) and I find the lack of online integration for leaderboards to be a strange decision, seeing how it would've helped grow the community and given the game more replay value, but it's nothing too bad. As someone who's too young to get a huge nostalgia stiffy out of this one: Best 40 cents I've spent in a while. Total recommend.,Posted: October 30, 2014MURI is a Jump'n'Run that tries to capture the feel of old DOS-Jump'n'Runs. Does it succed in capturing those feelings? Yes it does! The HUD looks just like it was ripped from a DOS-Jump'n'Run. The sound is just like in the DOS-era. And the graphics and the overall look remind me of games like DUKE NUKEM and COMMANDER KEEN. But is the game any good? It'S a blast. A lot of secrets and weapons want to be found and the level design is really good. If you're looking for a game that puts you right back in the DOS-era this is the perfect game for you.,Posted: June 19, 2014Takes me back to that musty old basement with horrible carpeting where I played all those early '90s DOS games, starting with Apogee and id Software shareware releases like Bio Menace, Monster Bash, and the Commander Keen series.  This one nails the look and feel of those games, combining the color schemes of CGA and EGA graphics (with perhaps some subtle liberties taken).  There's no save feature, but the game is pretty short and you can pick which episode to start from anyway.  No music aside from the title screen, either, but we can let this slide.  Good one to pick up on sale.,Posted: December 10, 2013Really well done 2D platformer, very authentic to the shareware-style DOS games from the early 90s. This goes beyond simply the pixel art craze, it's spot on in art style, sound effects, color palette, gameplay, hidden areas, even the menus and episode selection.The gameplay is immediately familiar and nostalgic for those who grew up on these games. Strongly inspired by and reminiscent of games like Commander Keen, Crystal Caves, Duke Nukem I and II, Cosmo's Cosmic Adventure, Monster Bash, etc.Highly recommended if you enjoy the genre and have any fondness for games of that period.,Posted: December 31, 2013Pros:* Very authentic for the era its emulating* Controls well* Decent sound* Good overall actionCons:* Weak story* Very short (under 2 hours)* No Background music or option to have it* No saves (though given the game length it is hardly a problem mid episode)7/10,Posted: July 8, 2014MURI is made out of pure nostalgia. If you played alot of late 80s-early90s DOS games, this one will take you back and you'll swear you saw it somewhere once before, many years ago. Gameplay is tight. Levels are well designed. Graphics are pixel perfect to the era and so is the soundtrack.,Posted: January 1, 2014The field of PC platformer nostalgia is a bit of an odd duck. There just weren't that many options in the 16-color EGA era; Apogee and id Games, primarily. Still, the four-directional (if a bit clunky) scrolling and rich diorama-like scenery provided an experience unlike the console platformers of the time.MURI captures the feeling of that era without its missteps; Daniel Remar puts all his skill at well-designed levels full of secrets and gigantic boss battles here. The player character's slowness and limited set of movements doesn't feel unfair, and the enemies are challenging despite their own constraints.The game is definitely short, about an hour from start to finish. Like most Remar games, the true replay value is in trying to get the highest score at the highest difficulties, a challenge once again relevant in the Let's Play decade.,Posted: January 11, 2014Fun throwback to games like Commander Keen and Duke Nukem.  The weapons are very fun.  It's a little short but the length feels right, and a good price too."
"329"	"907910"	"Spooky Ghosts Dot Com - Soundtrack"	2018-08-03	0.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Spooky Ghosts Dot Com Soundtrack has 9 songs with a run time of 16mn.Track list:1 - Spooky Ghosts Dot Com2 - Safety3 - Haunted4 - Banish5 - Depths6 - Fall7 - Feast8 - Somber9 - Cleanse"	"Having a lot of trouble with this boss...,HelloAt the very beginning I would like to say that this game looks amazing ! (Take my money haha)1.WIll there be kikstarter?2.Will there be closed beta?3.Will there be demo?Thanks Greetings from Poland,I started playing the game in normal mode, but eventually realized the menu stated I was playing in easy mode, so I switched it back. This since then has happened at least a dozen times in my two hours of play time.I know my controller is a bit crappy a...,no way to heal your char, poor collision deteciton, cheap enemies that you cant hut till later on, enemies with absurd ways to damage you, EVERY BOSS killingme AFTER they die, literally, every boss. NO WAY TO HEAL!? only save poitns, sure - whatever.puas...,As far as I can tell, there is only one spot with crows in the basement. I kill them but the acheivement isn't triggered. They also respawn if I leave the room and come back. Am I missing something or is this a bug?"
"330"	"312150"	"Wild Warfare"	2014-07-15	2.99	"Early Access,Free to Play,Action,Multiplayer,FPS,Early Access,Indie,Shooter,First-Person,Massively Multiplayer"	"Reviews“I am officially calling Game of the Year 2014, and indeed every other year, to the game that lets me be a bear in a bowler hat with a heavy machine gun.”Rock, Paper, Shotgun,About This GameSurvival of the fittest: now with guns.Wild Warfare is a free-to-play, class and vehicle-based FPS, starring a colourful cast of critter mercs. Inspired by old school shooters, it seeks to capture the fun and fur-ious action of classic era multiplayer games. There ain't no regenerating health here. Wild Warfare is currently in Alpha. If you enjoy classic arcade action with well balanced gameplay, crazy characters, and bears with mini-guns, this is exactly that game. Wild Warfare features: Class-based combat - nimble rabbits with bludgeoning weapons, raccoons with assault rifles, and more on the way! Vehicle combat - Armoured Walkers transform the battlefield instantly with missiles! Customizable characters - deck out your animal with warpaint, hats, and backpacks! A bunch of game modes (Capture the Flag, Team Death Match, and Death Match)! Ranking and levelling up - earn your infamy! More of everything! This Alpha only scratches the surface of what's in store! No animals were harmed in the making of this game. But we encourage you to pick up the slack."	"Posted: March 1, 2015Early Access ReviewPros:- Great potential- It is just quite fun in general- Balanced- Nice ideasCons:- Not enough players- UI is kinda bad- Sometimes glitchy,Posted: July 21, 2015Early Access ReviewWild Warfare is a surprisingly addictive game. If you want to look at this way, you could definitely say that it is very similar to TF2, but that's not necessarily bad - in fact, it's great! Wild Warfare is almost like the alternative we've been looking for. Put a cone on your bear and shoot a bunch of raccoons with your mini gun - family-friendly! You won't find blood and gore in the game, it is definitely something I wouldn't show your 5 year old, most likely an \"Everyone 10 and up\" game.Unfortunately, the game is very inactive now. Not lots of players anymore, not lots of maps, barely any classes, only four game modes, two of which are pretty much the same. However, the game is still in beta mode, so you have to give it time. UNFORTUNATELY, the devs are focusing on games that are making them the most money. So for now, the game is pretty dead... regardless of this, however, I will give it a positive review and recommend it, in hopes that the developers will notice it again, and because, well, it is a good game that has lots of potential.,Posted: June 14, 2017Early Access ReviewIt's sad that the playerbase decided to leave. I bought the Steam Starter Kit right when I stopped playing, which was probably a mistake. I left the game for a while, and lo and behold, another F2P mulitplayer shooter was abandoned. It's made even sadder by the fact that I really enjoyed this game, it was a good casual experience, and actually fun to play. I want to recommend this very much, but I can't; Nobody to play with means you can't play at all.Update: After re-playing the game a bit, I have some bad news. You need to make an account within the game to have access to your inventory. While this would be fine if it worked, it currently doesn't. You can't create your account due to an \"Unknown Error\". Also, because I can't remember my original username and password, I can't access my inventory I had already built. 1/10 currently7/10 when you have players to play with, and when the account system is fixed,Posted: June 5, 2015Early Access ReviewOkay i think this game is nice, funny and gameplay is quite easy but please fix all this bugs, errors and glitches.... Right now i think this game have potential but developers should work hard with this title...,Posted: January 12, 2016Early Access ReviewPretty nice game to paly! As I have palyed only 45min I will say that this game is fun to paly(like TF2), pros to this game that i didn't needed to ragequit in first match... xDMajor pros & cons:+Easy to play+Simple+Doesn't takes much space on HDD+Able to lvl up with points earned while playing game+Able to costumize clasess(there are 3) with items unboxed from cases, that drops when you kill enemy player... case doesn't drops on every kill, you recieve keys when get lvl up.-Couldn't find chat(If there was one)-Playing with \"Striker\" laser beams still going even if not shooting(Glitch, not dealing damage)-Available only in English languageI guess that's it for this review... as game is only Early access I have nothing much to say. It is really worth to try out, atleast, if not, then you will ahve to delete only 500MB...8/10 for this game, overall pts in my opinion. And have fun!,Posted: July 12, 2015Early Access ReviewIf you want to play this game with players, change the Server Region to EU.Because I realized that US Servers don't have players.,Posted: March 12, 2016Early Access ReviewThis game has some massive potential. Simple vanilla combat, 3 classes (to date) and no complicated combat system that most modern shooters tend to have. Just straightfoward combat/objective based gameplay. But the player base isn't even in the tens. Hell I even switched to an asian server so I could play with players. This game needs more players so if you're rooting through the reviews so you can make a decision to install this game, it's less than 200MB to install (to date) and is mostly bug free. So go on, give it a go.,Posted: January 31, 2018Early Access ReviewThe comments about it being dead? Very true. Played once (without a tutorial, as hard as it is to point and click), got into a match with one other person and obliderated them constantly. 1337 skillzz!!111!!11 This game has so much potential for the following reasons:- It's a game everyone can love, I mean furries? There is 43% of the population right there.- It's pretty. Like TF2 pretty, that good old cartoon feel.- It handles well. Smooth, like butter. So satfistying.- With some work, more animals or what have you, customization, that NICE Pay To Win aesthetic, for a free game it would be mint.If more people played it, I'd play it more. Guess that's the vicious loop it suffers.,Posted: January 5, 2016Early Access ReviewGame with real potencial but it still lacks many aspects. Really cool oldschool type of game. Its in early access so maybe it will develop itself much farder becouse there is really not much you can do now. Hope for the best.,Posted: December 22, 2017Early Access ReviewGreat game but too bad no one knows it exists anymore, i remeber when it was popular."
"331"	"301248"	"Fantasy Grounds - C&C: U1 Shadows of Halfling Hall"	2014-05-16	3.99	"RPG,Indie,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Story Rich,Online Co-Op,Old School"	"About This ContentU1: Shadows of the Halfling HallAlea Iacta Est!The Die is CastA dreadful fear and terror-born nightmares linger in the shadows of the Halfling's Halls.Brambletoe Hall has ever been deep, warm and filled with mirth. Here, the good Mayor Willic Brambletoe has long presided over a board of warm mutton, fresh apples, berries, peaches and the like, as well as wondrous breads, warm butter and cool drink. Mayor Willic welcomes all, inviting many various and sundry folk to sit and eat with him, or to gather about his great hall and make merry, pass the time and exchange news of distant happenings in exotic lands.But something has changed in that noble Halfling's Halls and a Shadow of Evil has taken up abode there. Not many days past, in those deep hours before the dawn, the sounds of merriment changed to cries of despair. A haunting came to the Goodman's home and left an air filled with the noise of terror and a foul odor of unrepentant evil.Abandoned now, a shadow has hung over the hall ever since. Foul play or murder, none know. But the Shadow of Fear has spread, weirdlings haunt the late hours of the night, stalking the environs of Newbriar. And the locals now say, Newbriar has come at last to know the shallow welcome of the other world.In fear, the folk of Newbriar have called for aid, sending riders forth to find courageous heroes willing to rid the town and its suffragans of the terror of the Shadows of the Halfling Hall.An adventure module for 4-8 characters of 1-3 levels.Shadows of the Halfling Hall, one of Fantasy Grounds' legacy adventures for Castles & Crusades, has been remastered for Fantasy Grounds version 3.x and higher! This remaster contains features today's Fantasy Grounds users expect. All NPCs and Combat Encounters are ready for play, as well as Treasure Parcels. Castle Keepers have both the usual Story pages and a new Reference Manual to help prep and run the adventure. Finally, better image quality from the 2012 reprint by Troll Lord Games.As a bonus, author Mike Stewart has written an exclusive retrospective on his thoughts of Shadows of the Halfling Hall twelve years later, as well as graciously providing errata!U stands for \"Universal!\" U1: Shadows of the Halfling Hall is the first of four standalone adventure modules in the U series which are intended to be placed anywhere in your Castles & Crusades campaign.U1: Shadows of the Halfling Hall written by Mike Stewart.Fantasy Grounds electronic file conversion and remaster by Scott GeedingReleased on May 18, 2017. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.0 and higher.Requires: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and a one time purchase of the Castles & Crusades ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"332"	"845410"	"Party Mixer 3D"	2018-05-03	8.99	"Utilities,Audio Production,Music"	"About This SoftwareIt's time to create your own fantastic nightclub story! Powerful DJ mix maker in 3D edition. With this app, you have don't need an expensive DJ software or hardware DJ decks with lots of functions that you don't really understand. Mixing music has never been that easy with Party Mixer 3D!Dj Deck Highlights Two glowing turntables  Mind-blowing prepared tracks Ability to load user tracks  Sampler pads with an awesome one-shot sound pack  Sound effects 3-band EQ Automatic BPM detection Awesome scratchingParty Mixer 3D Features Intuitive interface with quick access to all the features Live set recorder 4 real looking skins for DJ decks Don't miss your chance to become the best DJ without any efforts using Party Mixer 3D."	"Posted: December 23, 2018Most of the buttons and toggles on the virtual controllers are dead. The do nothing and are only there to make it look more sophisticated."
"333"	"815680"	"Fantasy Grounds - Mythic Monsters #32: Shadow (PFRPG)"	2018-03-13	7.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Online Co-Op,Software,Utilities,Party-Based RPG,Sandbox"	"About This ContentMythic Monsters #32: ShadowIn Blackest Night!Mythic Monsters: Shadow brings you a dozen and one shadowy sneaks from the realms of endless nocturn. Whether lurking in the dark and hidden places beneath the ground or emerging from beshadowed realms far beyond this mortal coil, there is something terribly cool about creatures of raw and endless darkness. From the sleek and sinister unseelie realms to the coiling, roiling, pits of eternal night, creatures of shadow have always captured our imagination, whether they are simply misunderstood dwellers in darkness or truly villains of the deepest dye. From CR 3 to 25, we bring you the living and the dead that live beyond the light, from simple shadows seeking to blot out the light and drink your life to towering nightwalkers, the devastating heralds of annihilation. The secretive and stealthy dark creepers and dark stalkers lurk within these pages, alongside the misshapen umbral shepherds and the terrifying tenebrous worms that mature into beautiful but deadly gloomwings. A quartet of killer kytons are found, from the bloodthirsty lampadarius and the vivisecting interlocutor to the sinister sacristan and the horrid eremite lords of the kyton race. Finally, the umbral dragon graces these pages with its sleek shimmer-gloom, breathing darkness and devouring light. As if a dozen existing monsters were not enough, the mysterious shadowpeople exist forever on the edge of sight, their motives as much an enigma as their true face and form. For heroes or villains wishing to tame the shadow, we also present a mythic version of the shadowdancer prestige class, with mythic versions of each and every class feature!The Mythic Monsters series from Legendary Games brings you dynamic and exciting mechanics alongside evocative and cinematic new abilities that really help creatures live up to their flavor text, whether they are creatures of real-world myth and legend or creatures born out of the RPG tradition itself. These creatures can work just as well in a non-mythic campaign as they do in one that incorporates the full mythic rules, as you can throw them at your jaded players who think they’ve seen it all or know the standard monster stats as well as you do. That look of surprise and “What was THAT?” will warm any GM’s heart.This all-new supplement by Jeff Lee and Jason Nelson is a terrific complement to the Mythic Monster Manual, with over 220 mythic monsters and an awesome array of monster-focused abilities, feats, and more for your Pathfinder game! Pick up both books today and Make Your Game Legendary!Conversion by: Jay ScheponikReleased on February 26, 2018. Designed for Fantasy Grounds version 3.3.4 and higher.Requirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Fantasy Grounds Full or Ultimate license and the included Pathfinder ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"334"	"899570"	"My First Music Workshop"	2018-07-28	4.99	"Early Access,Early Access,Indie,Simulation"	"About This GameMy First Music Workshop is a unique music workshop simulator game where you need to fix musical instruments. Once you fix the instrument, you can collect your payment.Game Features:* jobs related to repairing musical instruments* jobs related to used gear that can be resold* list of repairs that needs to be done to collect your payment"	"Posted: July 30, 2018Early Access ReviewNot recommended, for now at least, try to be a house flipper simulator / PC Building Simulator it has many bugs, for example when you try to repair an instrument sometimes it goes without fail or tells you that you must repair ropes but it does not have any money when buying instruments, money is not deducted from your money, can't even repair the instuments properly.,Posted: November 8, 2018Early Access ReviewBought in the hopes that this could become a good game, when fully developped.currently not worth playing. Very stale and repetative gameplay, no variety and currently only a few models of guitars.Hopefully the devs will impliment more instruments and things to do so I can edit my review..We do need more music games !!,Posted: November 8, 2018Early Access ReviewI don't know what i expected for 39 cents!,Posted: November 10, 2018Early Access ReviewYou may have noticed that I played this game for an exact total of 13 minutes because that's exactly how long it took me to realize that this game is desperately unfinished.The first thing that i noticed was that there was only one instrument to do something with, a guitar. That's it. The only intrument this music shop of mine worked on was a variety of guitars. They all have the same thing wrong with them too, they all need to be tuned and cleaned although, cleaning is just portrayed by throwing a cup of water on the sodding thing. Oh, yeah. You can also buy used guitars and do the same things plus a few other things like repainting the guitar, repairing its base or giving it new strings but, all of these things are shown to you by a short sound bite playing and the instrument changing from broken to not broken in an instant.All this does is make you more money but, shortly after repairing a few guitars and making a couple hundred bucks in the span of thirty seconds, I found that there wasn't anything to work towards. There is nothing to spend your money on except for guitar parts and it only takes half of your income from repairing one guitar to pay for those.In brief, this game can be fully experienced after just a few mouse clicks. I wanna say it's not done but, it's been out for a while now. So, I assume the creator has most likely abandoned it because they are the laziest person in the universe."
"335"	"665680"	"Fighter Creator"	2017-08-02	4.99	"Design & Illustration,Animation & Modeling"	"About This SoftwareVERSION 4.5SCRIPTING CHANGESThe script creation process has been completely redone, allowing you to type in the functions instead of having to click through menus, significantly cutting down the time it takes to program your game.EXAMPLE PROJECTThis version of Fighter Creator includes an example project to help you quickly get acclimated to using the engine. Includes:Menus - Title Screen, Options Menu, Character Select Menu, Stage Select Menu, Game Heads Up Display, and Loading Screen.Game Modes - Arcade, Versus, and Practice Mode.One Character - With basic a.i. included.ENGINE DESIGNFighter Creator utilizes a scripting system that allows users to have complete control over their projects without having to know or learn any programming languages. Basically programming concepts have been wrapped up into easy to understand functions, making the engine more powerful and keeping it easy to use at the same time.Fighter Creator also doesn't have any built-in game systems like character attributes, damage and attacks systems, etc. Because all of these system can be built from scratch to work exactly the way you want and be shared with other users, encouraging new concepts, creativity, and community interactions.DEVELOPMENT TOOLSFighter Creator provides a series of tools to build your game piece by piece:Media ManagementImport sprites, audio, and videos, or rip sprites from sprite sheets in the editor for use in your projects.Supported Image Formats  -  PNG, BMP, JPG, DDS, TGASupported Audio Formats  -  OGG, FLAC, WAV, MP3, AIFFSupported Video Formats  -  AVI, MOV, QT, MPGData ManagementVariables are used for storing and retrieving data needed to develop game systems. Whether you are building a stage, designing a cinematic, or setting up a special effect, objects are used to display any sprites on screen.Script ManagementScripts add functionality to every aspect of your games. Loading/Unloading resources, creating attacks for characters, and configuring game modes all require scripts to make possible.Predefined Scripts can also be created to work as a template for creating an additional set of scripts, drastically speeding up the process.Menu EditorDesign your own title screens, character/stage selection screens, heads up displays, and whatever else you may need for your game.Stage EditorCreate large, multi-layered stages for players to fight in. Add hazards, destructible objects, secret areas, and more.Special Effect EditorSetup scripted events to display intros and outros for your characters or progress your game's story.Easily create amazing, detailed explosions that can damage other players or trigger special stage events.Save File SystemAllows your games to save data so that you could add support for features like unlockable characters and story modes.FEATURES4K Ultra HDFighter Creator can scale up or down to any 16:9 display resolution, meaning you can focus on building your games and be assured it will look just they way you want it to at 720p to 4K. You can also setup your games to use different assets depending on the selected resolution.Sprite Upscaling & Detailed Image ManipulationUpscale your game's sprites to higher resolutions without adding unnecessary artifacts and pixilation.You can also change the look of these sprites by using an extensive set of image filters.Post ProcessingColor Grading and Bloom effects allow you to dramatically alter the way your games looks in real-time.STANDARD EDITIONGrants you the ability to export any projects and resources created by you for non-commercial use. Games will also include a Fighter Creator splash screen when they start up."	"Posted: June 12, 2018It doesn't seem to be very intuitive or user friendly.I see black bars where text presumably should be.I can't find any video tutorials on Youtube or elsewhere.It would be nice if I could use the app but I just can't figure it out to read the \"black line\" text.,Posted: August 23, 2017I bought this from day one -- up until now i haven't been able to create anything. The software keeps crashing, fonts are not displaying properly and your scale resolution must be at 100 percent. If your using anything above 1080p you probably will have to scale your apps and fonts. It won't run, but it crashes. I have updated my gpu to the latest version -- yet no luck. It's been over a year since it was released, I don't see any promises with this software. In addition it lacks tutorials and resources. Overall it was just a waste of time.,Posted: February 1, 2018No youtube videos and only written tutorials... no community... I dont know hot to use this thing properly and I realy want to build a fighting game with it,Posted: August 2, 2017I don't know why I got this in my email, but I can say this. Nothing on this about how to try and make basic things in it, other than the hour long and very tiny example pictures that they show on the examples tab, the manual almost crashed my computer due to it trying to open 100 different instances of it, and well...this isn't easy, or flexible at all.Point and Click? More like Point and Delete.,Posted: August 20, 2017Worst... Because It Was Bored And I Can't Do It Anything in Fighter Creator.,Posted: November 4, 2018now you cannot use it for its resolution.,Posted: November 7, 2018Hi. can you please fix the profile glitch it won't let me create a Profile and I hate it. it is the only way I can use this software. and I just bought this software and won't let me use it until I make a Profile please fix. if you can fix I will rate as good software, the demo was better then this full version please fix profile glitch. I do not recommend this software for the time being please fix and thank you"
"336"	"754770"	"Nekojishi Expansion Pack - A Sunny Day"	2018-04-19	7.99	"Free to Play"	"About This ContentNekojishi Expansion Pack: A Sunny DayA Sunny Day is a fully-fledged expansion pack for Nekojishi!This pack introduces 10 new CG artworks into the main story along with a new epilogue story that takes place after the true ending of Nekojishi.Epilogue: A Sunny DayThrough arrangements made by Yan Shu-Chi, Tiger and Leopard are given a single day to be incarnated and walk the earth as humans. A demanding task that could have only been achieved with the assistance of the Yan family. Hoping to make the best of their time together, they decide to spend this precious day at a very peculiar convention—not that that helps Tiger and Leopard’s thoroughly lacking social skills.However, Liao still has hang-ups over Shu-Chi’s ability to pull all of this off with his family. Perhaps there is more that has been left unsaid…Features A Sunny Day: A completely new epilogue story that takes place after the ending of the main story. Brand-new background artwork and character sprites for the epilogue. 13 new CG artworks. (10 for the main story, 3 for the epilogue).Special thanks to Nathan Almario (NathanSquarez) for his soundtrack contribution. ,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Группа в   Steam Тема с новостями о переводе   тут ,I vote Lin Hu :3,hello. how i can install the limited ediction mode on Steam version? i downloaded it on the Nekojishi store. i'm on windows.,Well, I'm really curious guys, how did you find this game.I found it in game called 'osu!', when somebody choose a beatmap with Nekojishi opening.https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/695009#osu/1470239,There's quite the emotional pull and factor into this game, the heart wrenching choices, and the reality that   none of this will ever happen to you   hits you a lot. This game is a magnificent piece but I'm way too sad for it to be a dat...,Posted: April 30Stay for the meme of a gay, 18+ (with free patch) furry game, stay for the story.,Posted: April 27I truly just enjoyed the story, It has been a while since I last had the privelege to play an IVN(Interactive Virtual Novel) game this well written with Anthropomorphic characters in it since Morenatsu. I really hope that the team keeps up the good work, I would really like to see what else can be made in the future.,Posted: April 2810/10 Great story great music great art"
"337"	"426580"	"The Story Goes On - The Original Samtrack"	2018-03-02	2.99	"Indie,Casual"	"Reviews“The soundtrack that accompanies all this is quite frankly brilliant too...”The Xbox Hub,About This ContentA brilliant orchestral composition with 22 original, loopable tracks created by Sam L. Jones (Eclipse JP) for The Story Goes On.Track Listing:1. Main Theme - 02:232. Forest - 02:263. Forest Calmer - 02:264. Snow - 02:075. Snow Calmer - 02:076. Spooky - 02:247. Desert - 02:288. Desert Calmer - 02:289. Dark Forest - 02:2610. Dark Forest Calmer - 02:2611. Void - 02:0712. Void Calmer - 02:0713. Boss Battle - 01:3014. Battle - 01:3515. Forest Dungeon - 01:4716. Snow Dungeon - 02:2917. Spooky Dungeon - 01:5418. Desert Dungeon - 01:3319. Dark Forest Dungeon - 01:3820. Scarecrow Battle - 01:4621. Scarecrow Chase - 01:0522. Game Closer - 01:59"	"I fell in love with this game this is  a rare game you may find 3290981273982173 FPS shooteryou may find 1234598739 moba or survival battle royale gamesbut aside from flamebreak i never seen such a game. I loved this gameIf you make a 2nd game i swe...,This game is going to have bugs. Probably quite a lot of them. We're aiming to make this as bug free as we possibly can and it would be really helpful if you submitted any you find. Either post in this forum or reply too this discussion!,Is there someone who has experience with this game and could create a guide how to get all the achievs. ,I find myself lost so far how to get the \"extra dungeon\" in the creepy forest. I've seen that there is an \"Ivan's Mailbox\" in there, but I don't know what I have to do about it.,Hello!Today I bring exciting news, we've been hard at work to make this game more accessible for people all around the world and as such we have added the support for additional languages.However, we need help from the community to cover as many langua..."
"338"	"956220"	"Miracle Circus 奇迹马戏团-DLC"	2018-10-05	1.99	"Casual,Indie,RPG,Strategy,Adventure"	"About This Content--------------------------------------------------------本DLC包括游戏中所有的原画内容，原创音乐和作者的后记欢迎加入QQ群：597671541讨论--------------------------------------------------------"	"https://store.steampowered.com/app/1041760/感谢大家支持！玩家群：597671541,Is this game in English? It looks really interesting,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1030090更多游戏：https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289QQ群：597671541感谢大家支持！,拥有任何一款游戏的玩家并且关注0Cube的都可以入群领取关注下面的链接https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289加入Q群：597671541感谢大家，祝大家新年快乐！,Devs if you care about your customers you should say anything.I am confused and along with me many others we would like some answers.,I tried both languages and the game is not starting.,求助"
"339"	"580661"	"Infinite Minigolf - Tortuga"	2017-10-03	NA	"Indie,Casual,Sports"	"About This ContentSet sail to the lovely Caribbean pirate town of Tortuga and play alongside a crazy cast of pirates as you embark on a new Infinite Minigolf adventure! Captain Salvador and his crew of buccaneers have many pirate inspired surprises while you play through the 108 holes across four brand new tournaments. Build your own pirate themed course using brand new tiles and pirate themed objects, and share them with the Infinite Minigolf community! Play minigolf in the lovely pirate town of Tortuga 108 new holes in four tournaments Brand new pirate-themed tiles and objects in the course editor Unique pirate-themed avatar items to unlock"	"Hello I am looking for someone with whom I play infinite mini golf online. Otherwise, do not continue with my game level. do you have time and desire?,Please post all bug reports here so we can keep them organized. Thanks for your help and feedback, everyone!,Tonight we played each course on Random and out of all the courses we had about 5 that were well made - these idiots posting course that are just a straight piece of track and a hole, for Gods sake STOP!! You are diluting the game and spoiling it, making...,Have an idea for a feature, mode or theme you'd like to see in Infinite Minigolf? Post here!,How do you install Tortuga? I launch the game, start solo mode...it says \"Kaufen\" (buy)...the Steam page pops up, I am prompted if I have Steam installed or not...but nothing happens.If I do not start the game but click on \"Download\" on the Tortuga page..."
"340"	"881420"	"Six Ages: Ride Like the Wind"	NA	NA	"Simulation,Strategy,RPG,Interactive Fiction,Choices Matter,Story Rich,Mythology,Strategy RPG,Resource Management,Management,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Hand-drawn,Atmospheric,2D"	"About This GameLife between myths. Lead your clan into legend or obscurity. Six Ages: Ride Like the Wind is a storybook strategy game, immersing you in a land of old gods and magic.Hundreds of small encounters build into an epic, multi-generational tale of survival and inter-clan alliances. Six Ages is the spiritual successor to acclaimed King of Dragon Pass, taking place thousands of years earlier in the same shared world of Glorantha. Part role-playing, part resource management, you'll always be making decisions with long-term consequences, for you and your clan.Design your own clan, visit the gods, become respected, raid your neighbors' cowsOver 400 interactive story scenes, with deep simulation systems driving their appearance and outcomesMultiple difficulty levels, and the option for Iron Willed players to limit reloadingGorgeous hand-painted high-resolution illustrationsSame world as King of Dragon Pass, but a new clan: the Riders, with their own myths, and 4x more world to exploreDiscover, appease, and make deals with spirits in your territoryGlorantha is a highly detailed Bronze Age world, similar in many ways to our own. But it exists in a magical universe where the laws of physics are subordinate to the whims of the gods and spirits. To understand Glorantha, leave our mundane world and enter the world of myth. The Sun is a living god, not a nearby star. Countless gods exist, some even more powerful than the Sun, and all have the power to directly affect humanity. In Six Ages, you play specifically as a Riders clan, who revere various gods in their particular mythology, including Gamari the Horse Mother, and your culture hero, Hyalor... but you would be foolish to forget Raven the Trickster. He has not forgotten you.Glorantha is also the setting of other rich narrative games/experiences, including King of Dragon Pass, HeroQuest, RuneQuest, God Wars, and others."	""
"341"	"521700"	"NOBUNAGA’S AMBITION: Sengoku Gunyuuden / 信長の野望・戦国群雄伝"	2017-02-21	19.99	"Strategy"	"About This GameTo commemorate Kou Shibusawa's 35th anniversary, the \"Kou Shibusawa Archives\" will be opened in the Steam Store. Here we will revive popular previously released titles. In this third round of releases, we offer \"Nobunaga's Ambition: Sengoku Gun'yuden,\" the third release in the series, released in the US as \"Nobunaga's Ambition II.\" In this simulation game, players take on the role of a Daimyou of the Warring States period, attract followers, and use strategy and tactics to gain control of the 38 domains of Japan."	""
"342"	"795490"	"FukTopia"	2018-02-26	NA	"Early Access,Action,Early Access,Indie,Horror,Pixel Graphics,Great Soundtrack,Beat 'em up,Co-op,Local Co-Op,Difficult,Multiplayer,4 Player Local"	"About This GameFukTopia is a post apocalyptic beat em up game.FukTopia is the quintessential beat ‘em up, boasting tons of action and mayhem to beat your score. In the game, you control Fighters as they travel through environments, clearing the screen of enemies.Frequently fun and sometimes unforgivingly difficult, FukTopia brings inovation to the beat ‘em up genre with unique features that include shot lasers, and items to pickup to change gameplay. These inovative features to a beat 'em up help to provide some excellent variety beyond kicks and punches.Score -  each player has his score to try as much as possibleItems -  each item you collect will give you a unique power or healthLife Time -  you have a life time to try to hit your highest score possibleSpecial Attack -  each character has a special attack that goes charging according to the stamina bar"	"Posted: July 7, 2018Early Access ReviewHoly cow, what a mess this is.  No instructions whatsoever -no idea just WTH you're supposed to be doing besides mashing buttons and attacking the enemies flooding the screen.  This title is basically still in alpha - no way should this have gotten the green light for early accesss.  And in no way is this game worth $15 - seriously???Asked for a refund after less than 10 minutes of playing; it would be wise to avoid this one.... Sorry devs - I gave you a chance.  😩,Posted: October 10, 2018Early Access ReviewIf this game were free, it would still be too expensive. Flash games on miniclip have much more to offer.,Posted: July 13, 2018Early Access ReviewLooks like mother russia bleeds. hope they gonna have soundtrack by fixions again.this game feels like alpha. can play just 2 caracters. game keeps running after i finished a lvl. atleast the artwork of the game is nice.,Posted: August 9, 2018Early Access ReviewI love the artwork and the overall style of this game, the sprites and soundtrack are amazing.It really doesn't have much content as of now, but i believe many updates are intended.Some suggestions would be:-Polish the HUD-Give instructions and control options at the menu-A little balancing on the characters and monsters,Posted: February 16Early Access ReviewI am also a unity developer and can certainly appreciate the effort and look here i would love to see a knight or skelleton maybe A alien worm or Ghost Lady Mutant cyclops  glob character floating eye(s) A female Fuktopian would rule also maybe like red sonja. some particles and a bigger game size would make a better game, contact if you want some help. Im novice at coding but backed with an arsenal of assets and know how to use most of them now. As is i see great potential here. Fuktopia Staying the name? How about some exploding robots or blocking for the enemies. so far so good !,Posted: July 21, 2018Early Access ReviewA surprisingly fun Beat Em Up with good mechanics and fluid controls.It is a Beat Em Up romp we've come to expect from a game of it's style with attractive artwork, catchy music, and fun gameplay. It is a great way to spend time.+Each Character is very unique+Challenging gameplay+Amazing design and visuals+Couch coop+Awesome soundtrackYou'll definitely have some fun with it.* Please add a woman character into the game =],Posted: July 28, 2018Early Access ReviewReally fun to play beat' em' up game with unique and interesting artstyle. The game has a lot of potential to become one of the great beat-em ups and can't wait to see what happens in the future.It has very nice and responsive controls and the characters are interesting and memorable. Each character has unique fighting style and skills and can level up and grow stronger. Can't wait to see the full release of the game!,Posted: August 13, 2018Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewGreat idea for a game reminds a lot of the arena mode you used to get on Golden Axe, shows great potential and I love the art style. Give it some time and I can see a classic emerging."
"343"	"567230"	"Fantasy Grounds - Secrets of New York (CoC)"	2016-12-08	16.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentCall of Cthulhu - Secrets of New YorkA Library Module for use with the Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletopA 1920's Gotham Sourcebook for Call of CthulhuWelcome to the city that never sleeps. By day, New York City is the financial capitol of the world. At night, the city is alive with myriad lights, diamonds dazzling in the buildings that scrape the sky. Music, food, dance and dark rituals all can be found beneath the mantle of darkness in New York City.Here within Gotham there have always been secrets, countless, sinister and horrifying. From the savage massacre at Throg's Neck to the things beneath the earth on Barren Island, New York City has always been protective of its mysteries. Now many of them are revealed.Secrets of New York is a compendium of one of the oldest and most renowned cities in the United States. This volume explores the strange events above and below the gridiron streets and avenues of the world's financial capital during the 1920s. With a plethora of characters to bring the city to life, and a detailed history to build scenarios upon, Secrets of New York is an indispensable tool for keepers and players playing adventures in Gotham. Included are maps and historical documents and photographs to bring 1920s New York City to life, as well as three scenarios that explore the most popular and less savory locales of this grand metropolis.CALL OF CTHULHUHorror Roleplaying in the Worlds of H.P. LovecraftBy William Jones. Cover painting by Steven Gilberts; Interior art by Kathy Ferrell, Steven Gilberts, Chris Hill, Kathy Hill, Deborah Jones, and Bryan ReaganConversion to by: Alan NeilsonRequirements: An active subscription or a one time purchase of a Full or Ultimate License of Fantasy Grounds and a one time purchase of the Call of Cthulhu ruleset."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"344"	"46520"	"Wasteland Angel"	2011-09-01	9.99	"Action,Indie,Post-apocalyptic,Female Protagonist,Shooter,Arcade,Racing,Top-Down"	"Reviews“…Wasteland Angel is a game that has captured my heart. I squealed with delight when I got to see the carnage first hand…”– GamersDailyNews “There are a whole lot of mutants and crazies to blow up, and Wasteland Angel provides a lot of fun ways to do so.”– GameFront“Wasteland Angel is one of those games you want on your games list, even if it’s just for a quick adrenaline fuelled warband killing romp. You will always come back to it when you have some time to kill, or whenever some punk has topped your score. GREAT!” EGamer“Wasteland Angel is a good amount of game for a great price. Any fan of oldschool shmups will be pleased, and newer gamers will have a ton of fun with game that is easy to jump in to and blow stuff up.” Grade B - The Multitap,About This GameBummer! World War III happened and killed most of the world’s population. The ones that got toasted were the lucky ones. Survivors live in constant fear of being murdered or enslaved by violent gangs, renegade military units and, of course; mutants.Outfitted with a heavily armored car, unlimited firepower and a thirst for vengeance, our Heroine – the Wasteland Angel roams the radioactive wastes, travelling from one God-forsaken town to the next, protecting survivors from being enslaved. She’s on a mission, to defend those that can’t defend themselves.Wasteland Angel is a throw-back to the era of vintage arcade shooters, where players fend off waves of enemies and ultimately face-off against epic end-level bosses.  From a top-down isometric view, players pilot the Wasteland Angel’s overpowered vehicle as its dual machine guns cut a swath across the terrain.  To handle whatever the gangs, muties and renegades throws her way, Wasteland Angel has upgradeable weapons and ammo that can rip enemies from this life and toss them into the next.Key features:24 Levels of fast-paced action across 6 ravaged landscapes3 Enemy Factions including Gangers, Renegades and Mutants4 Difficulty Levels from beginner to suicideDifferent mission objectives from escort to an all-out offensiveSuper weapons increase the carnage, including: Mines, Napalm, EMP and NukesHuge boss battles to test your skill and staminaBonus levels featuring FPS driving/shooting mayhemOnline Scoreboards for each Difficulty LevelStar ratings for all levels and 40 achievements for all completionists"	"Posted: December 19, 2013This game somehow reminds me of the mid-90s sci-fi flick Tank Girl, but maybe the similarity begins and ends with the post-apocalyptic setting, the cartoonish art style and the main characters, both girls whose favourite activity seems to be shooting mutants. You take on the role of Angel, who drives around in her car and saves the inhabitants of post-world war III settlements from mutant attacks. So much for the backstory.Gameplay wise, Wasteland Angel is a no-nonsense top-down shooter. You're looking at a desert landscape from an isomotric perspective, drive around with a car whilst shooting at other cars that likewise shoot at you. That's pretty much all there is. Your main armament consists of two fixed guns, additional weapons can be aquired by driving over power-ups. Each level has three stages and, after you defeat the stages final boss in the third, a short bonus stage that leaves the top-down view and switches to a first-person perspective. The game never breaks from this pattern.Your car can be controlled with the keyboard or a controller, both work equally well and what you prefer is just a matter of personal preference.I chose to write a negative review but that doesn't mean there's no fun to be had. There certainly is. There's nothing wrong with the simplistic approach to vehicular combat, driving around in a car blasting everything in sight. The game plays smoothly, the controls are responsive and intuitive, there's nothing bad to say about the sound effects, music and voice-overs and the visuals, while definitely not on par with bigger budget titles, are pretty much what can be expected from an indie game, at least they won't give you eye cancer.The main problem with Wasteland Angel is that its initial appeal wears thin all too fast. It's incredibly repetitive. Every level offers the exact same scenario, level structure, you're fighting the same enemies again and again, even the environment looks exactly the same in every level.The game is very short and not particularly challenging. You can easily play through the whole game in one session. While most players probably consider this a downside, achievement hunters might appreciate the fourty easily obtainable unlocks.,Posted: June 26, 2014there are a couple redeeming sides to this classical top-down (mostly) driving-shooting game - story, as much as this type of game needs one, and the fact that it partially is a good bit of fun.it takes a couple hours to run this through on easy and considerably more on hard or nightmare where you definitely will retry and retry and retry several of the fairly lengthy levels. with how repetitive it is, i do not see many people wanting to do that.i cannot really recommend this is earnest. there are bits of fun in there but as this game type/genre is seeing revival recently, if you really need to mindlessly drive and shoot in top-down perspective - you would probably be better off with another game.technically, it is mostly competent. while not looking exceptional, it looks good or ok - except for the out-of-box 1st person perspective bonus levels where models have the same level of detail as top-down perspective and look like something from end of 90s. control scheme is adequate and keys can be remapped. for some reason every time i started the game from steam, it decided it needs to run a visual c installer with the uac prompt this causes but that might be just my environment.the only technical gripe is about clipping problems. when you run into something that obstructs the screen, you can get stuck and not even see which way you are facing, making it really difficult to get free quickly. also, the decision to reverse the direction immediately when you drive straight out the level limits is occasionally very annoying, especially in the last set of levels where one of the cities is right at the edge of level.unfortunately, there is the main downside - this game is repetitive. repetitive, repetitive, repetitive. you have 3 or 6 different levels and 3 sets of enemies plus bosses but there is no real variance. - levels are functionally all the same - first you defend one city at day, then at night, then 2 cities on similar map at day, then at night. repeat that three times.- there are three types of enemies - one that fights you, one that steals civilians and one that does both. the three sets - they are just different skins for the same functions.- bosses are formulaic as well. big, deal and absorb a lot of damage, can be killed with gathered superweapons.,Posted: May 22, 2016Wow this game has taken a ton of crap in the reviews. It is also constantly bundled so surely it's absolute garbage?  Well it turns out that's not the case. It is a quite nice shooter that will give you entertainment for some hours. Nothing fancy but everything just works. '2D overhead view' shooting and protecting towns. '3D bumper cam' shooting during bonus levels etc etc. Pure shooting-driving arcade. I got 3 hours of it. Thats the max you want to play this unless you want to go for a 100% game. I can understant the critics when the game is full priced but as soon as it's even a bit discounted it's definitely worth the small price. Just pay reasonable price and keep your expectations at a reasonable level and you are fine. Oh yeah. bring a gamepad if you can.,Posted: May 30, 2015This game can be fun for a bit but it does get repetitive but thats not my big issue. My big issue is that the game has some bugs in it that render it unfun to play. For example my score at one point reached the max possible. (That is possible without cheats, this game is fairly easy) and apon killing more people it reached the negatives from going over the limit and then after going to far into the negatives was reset to 0. This happened 2 times in my playing of  the campaign. This means the leaderboards are useless if you play so well that your score can reset. I also experienced a bug at one point where i had god mode for one of the frenzy levels. Its not hard to survive when you are unkillable, I eventually just let the time run out.On the plus side its easy to learn and an easy 100% for achievement hunters.,Posted: February 13, 2014Fun enough with easy achievements for those who like itEven being a little fun, it's not worth your time. I will just say bad design. I gave the game a second chance and it was really a waste. As one can see on my only screenshot of said game, the freaking boss got stuck on the same spot enough times for me to give up on the game. Not only the boss is stupid, but the enemy AI too...The game is bad, I could have finished the game if not for these bugs (not really bugs, just bad design and poor AI, let's just call it bug for lack of better words) and still I wouldn't recommend it.,Posted: August 6, 2014I tried to like this, I tried to finish this. But... it wasn't to be. Having had quite a bit of fun with top-down drivers in the past, be they racers or shooters, I had high hopes for Wasteland Angel. While it wasn't the worst game I've ever played, the game still disappointed on almost every front. Although... if you are an achievement hunter, the 40 achievements are not TOO difficult to acquire...The campaign is only 6 chapters/levels divided into 2 missions, one boss fight, and one bonus mission - very short indeed. The plot was essentially irrelevant. Worse yet, the game is incredibly repetitive and boring. Every chapter plays the same way, with the same enemies painted differently - only 3 generic enemy types, doing the same thing, over and over. And you, defending against them for wave on end. The maps are stale and all have the same objective: defend one area. Once during the day, once during the night, and then the same thing with two towns... Even the additional/optional objectives don't really bring anything interesting to the game: escort a vehicle to the town, pick up some crates, become a turret. However, the bonus missions are all the same and incredibly strange: changing you from a top-down view to a first-person view, where you either race for checkpoints or kill as many enemies as you can.While the game offers weapon upgrades, they are arbitrary and do not carry over from a past map - every mission sees you start with the most basic weapons. Killing enemies and running over pick-ups automatically gives you more/better weapons. Sadly, you are unable to tinker with either your vehicle, or your weapons yourself.Then there were the bugs. Being stuck in mid-air, enemy AI resulting in them being stuck and unable to move, and therefore unable to be killed (especially the bosses). This is complemented by the top-down camera angle, which can be blocked by terrain, causing you to get stuck. The automatic 180 degree reversal whenever you reach the edge of the map (which also isn't particularly well delineated) was also disorientating. These issues were exacerbated by the controls: while it may not be the case for everybody, the controls were very sluggish and laggy for me, making it incredibly difficult to turn.,Posted: July 7, 2017Excellent artwork and mostly entertaining gameplay help this game earn a recommendation. Some of the level designs and AI mechanics quickly, however, turned it into a true test of patience. Enemy cars frequently crash into each other and steering is stiff and often hindered by the environment. Trying to navigate the pause menu with a controller was a nightmare and unresponsive most of the time.On the plus side, the path to a 100% achievement rate was one of the most satisfying I've encountered yet.,Posted: September 10, 2014Considering that I got all of the achievements in this game I guess I should say something about it.Wasteland Angel is the humble story of a woman and her car trying to make it in America. The Wasteland Angel doesn't have a name, so let's call her Mad Maxine. Her car Gypsy is built like a tank, ready to take on World War 3....oops? WW3 already happened and everybody lost. The scant remnants of humanity are just trying to survive under the crushing weight of evil. As the vigilante heroine you gotta protect the cities and kill all the bad guys. This game has been making the rounds on various indie bundle sites. It's likely that you already have it (and you don't even know). My suggestion is to give it a shot and here's why:First and foremost this is an arcade-styled game. There's a scoring system, multipliers, bonus points, all that good stuff. Your primary objective is the survival of both yourself and 100 civilians. The enemies arrive in various vehicles and they're either targeting you, the civvies, or both. Regularly out-numbered (but never out-gunned) you make short work of everyone as they arrive in waves. Any leftover time in-between waves is best spent recharging in the city for bonus points. Occasionally secondary objectives will pop up. They are of the \"do this\" or \"destroy that\" variety. Aside from the first-person bonus rounds, Wasteland Angel uses an overhead view. It's pretty easy to track the action and indicators will light up if enemies are kidnapping people. Destroyed vehicles tend to drop power-ups. I'd probably be a little worried if everyone happened to have an air strike or a nuke in their car but eh...it's a videogame. Every few stages there's a boss fight. They're pretty standard, though they can only be damaged by power-ups (napalm, mines, etc). For the most part Wasteland Angel does the job. It's a fun game. Destroying those stupid bad-guys is satisfying, especially when it involves dropping a nuke on 6-7 of them. After you destroy their vehicles you can gun them down. The controls are satisfactory, and with 20+ stages and leaderboards there's no lack of content.HOWEVER. There is room for improvement. First and foremost, Wasteland Angel runs a bit long for an arcade-styled game. While playing single stages for score is fine, going through the entire campaign is going to take a few hours. Even with the option to save and quit between stages, this isn't quite ideal. I'm thinking instead of one long campaign, just cut it up into three or four. Also in the interest of pacing, each stage would have less but more intense waves.Another issue is that the controls could be better. Well maybe better isn't the right word. Maybe uh...more technical? Technique? Ehh I'll think of a better word later. Anyway I'm thinking that Gypsy could use some more moves. While getting around the wasteland is fine as is, some tricks would help getting in getting out of screwy situations. It would also give the developers more room to try more ideas. For example, maybe the RB & LB buttons could be used for doing barrel rolls. Yeah I know \"Do a barrel roll!\" is hilarious & timely but seriously. Give the car a flippy move for dodging dangerous crap like missiles. Or if it looks like you're going to hit a building and crash just WHOOSH look at all the time you're saving. As a bonus, pressing LB & RB together could result in a 180 spin. The controls in this game are responsive as is, but more abilities couldn't hurt. Updating the controls would also lead to better boss-fights I imagine. The few in Wasteland Angel 1 are lacking. The first couple are indirect fights. By this I mean you're dropping mines or napalm for them to run into, you're not actively fighting them. The current level of maneuverability just isn't enough to take these big guys head-on. Also there's a fight with a super mutant. I guess it's kinda direct in that you actually have to shoot him, but that's only after dropping an EMP to stun him for a couple seconds. Also the tank boss can be annoying, since it prefers to hang back and snipe at you rather than run over all the fresh mines you've laid out for him.Also this probably counts as more of a nitpick but there have been a couple occasions, where I got stuck on something. There was also a time an enemy seemingly disappeared, but it didn't count as destroyed so I lost out on bonus points. Some of the stages are also a little too cluttered and lack the proper amount of \"flow\". Maybe for a sequel, they could use a base design for each stage. It doesn't have to be something obvious like a circle, but it has to be easily indentifiable to the player so they're not driving into a seemingly random wall just to rescue some hapless civilians.Oh and make it so it's easier to run enemies over. Still, Wasteland Angel isn't too bad a game. It has the right concept, a solid core, it just needs some tweaks and it could turn out to be something really good.YMMVPS - Everytime I type \"Wasteland Angel\" I keep accidentally typing \"Wastleand\". Yeah I don't know either.,Posted: December 11, 2014Wasteland Angel is a Road Warrior/Death Race hybrid themed isometric car battle game. You are Angel, a beautiful but tough woman travelling around the post-apocalytpic United States in search of your friend, Eks, in your armoured car 'Gypsy'. As you travel around, you encounter towns under attack by Wastelanders and you help to defend them. You are able to pick up weapon upgrades and special weapons to help you do this, and there is a wide variety of each, though the by far most useful is your main weapon, as most of the rest require good placement and the enemy AI is erratic at best. One of the problems with the weapon upgrade system is that eventually your main gun becomes powerful enough you can quite literally pick a spot and just rotate on it like a turret. Thankfully, weapon upgrades do not carry from one stage to the next.Wasteland Angel, is, however one a game added to the list of games where the minigames are better than the actual game. At the end of each stage is a bonus level, which takes the game from isometric to first person, which I found a lot more fun than the base missions themselves. The game's physics engine is... well... it's VERY arcady to say the least. Often times collisions cause your car to spin out of control, way beyond what would be reasonable. Fortunately there is a reset button to right yourself fairly quickly, though a lot of time this can mean failing to save and/or running over civilians. Worse yet, often times enemy cars will get 'stuck' offscreen, preventing you from finishing the wave until a car from the next wave hits them to get them unstuck. Graphically the game is okay. It isn't spectacular, but I have definitely seen a lot worse. The audio is decent, and the voice acting is comically bad but I am left with the impression that this is on purpose. The music gets irritating VERY quickly, but a lot of the time I didn't notice. I had tuned it out because I was focusing on the sometimes very frantic gameplay.The game is very short. I was able to complete the game and collect all 40 achievements in just under 4 hours. It has the length and the equivalent overall quality to a mobile game, therefore while it is a lot of fun I think $9.99 is asking a little bit too much. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys arcade games, but only if they were able to pick it up on sale for 50% off or better.,Posted: August 21, 2015Wasteland Angel is a driving action game set in an apocalyptic world.  You must destroy other enemy cars in order to save your base and complete your missions.  I found this game had great controls and satisfying action, though the difficulty level was not always intense enough to truly satisfy like a win in CS:GO.  However, it was well worth the time spent, though the storyline was easily cliche and forgetable.  The graphics were top down perspective and worked well for the type of game that it was."
"345"	"954600"	"Groove Coaster - Battle Against a True Hero"	2018-10-16	NA	"Action"	"About This ContentUNDERTALE music DLC for Groove CoasterTitle: Battle Against a True heroArtist: Toby Fox*From UNDERTALEDifficulty: Simple 1 / Normal 5 / Hard 9BPM: 150"	"Groove Coaster fans, this bi-weekly release will have Touhou fans jumping for joy with a double DLC Pack release!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10809/Touhou DLC Pack 07 GROOVE IT LUCKY (GC Mix) / A-One - Arrange from Touhou Fuujinroku Itazura Sensation / Shinra-bansho - Arrange from Touhou Koumakyou (K)Night of (K)Nights  Butaotome ver. / beatMARIO x Butaotome - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Souchimai / COSIO - Arrange from Touhou Chireiden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"CIRNO\" avatar for use in game.https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10810/Touhou DLC Pack 08 Captain Murasa [Tracy vs. Astronomical Mix] / Amateras Records - Arrange from Touhou Seirensen Secret God Matara -HYPER TECHNO MIX-  / Yu Shimoda (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Tenkuushou (K)Night of (K)Nights  feat. ytr -TOS Remix / beatMARIO x TAMAONSEN - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Gaimaden / MASAKI (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Kanjyuden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"SYAMEIMARU\" avatar for use in game.,Thanks for keeping this game up and running, but the latest update (Apr 22 2019) removed EN language. I may be one of the few who uses EN but it would be nice to keep playing with my only spoken language.,Due to the continued growth of the music list, we noticed that the game start up time have increased. We have worked on improving the game start up speeds by looking into the connection process and how data is handled. By using the latest version  (ver1.2.1.0007), we have updated the game to start up faster.  We hope that you will continue to enjoy GrooveCoaster. Additional InfoThe latest version has been tested and updated. We have also prepared a way to use the old build, in case you have trouble with the new system build, Right click and open the menu by selecting the GrooveCoaster icon in the [Library]   Select, “Property”, “Beta”,”Old Version”, to play the game with the previous build.*The game client will be started with the Ver1.2.1.0006 build.*This version will be removed after we have confirmed the newest build is stable.,the game still have a lot of problems from day one until now, and get more troubles with the last \"update\"- Rip english languagebut... meanwhile on the early builds, we have:- Still broken offset- No \"fast/slow\" indicators meanwhile the arcade versi...,Groove Coaster fans you ready for some tricky tunes by t+pazolite? This weeks pack has the song \"Good Night, Bad Luck.\" clocking in at 285 BPM! So get those fingers flexed and kiss your keyboard goodbye, as it's about to get real! We have a total of 4 DLC songs in this DLC pack, details following below. As always the songs can be bought as single DLC for $1.99 or can be purchased as a 4 song DLC Pack at 20% off!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10637/t+pazolite Pack Good Night, Bad Luck. / t+pazolite Groove Prayer -tpz Despair Remix- / t+pazolite QLWA / t+pazolite Satisfiction (Massive New Krew Remix) / t+pazolite,Posted: April 29Poor experience, I could've only done the tutorial and then the game crashes. WHenever I restart it, it closes itself after the \"welcome to Groove Coaster\" sound.Seems like sone ppl have same bugs as me, but the thread was started on August, 2018.Nothing done to this day, so...,What's weird is that sometimes they register so idkEDIT:  I meant scratches (title said slides)And the weirdness seems to be when transitioning to or from a scratch to another action where you have to hold.I think it's 'cuz my gamepad doesn't have a...,We haven't had a hundred concurrent players in months. This is sad. We are not going to get much developer support without players. Because the developers don't get paid if there aren't people buying the game.Is the market not aware of the game? Is the ...,I've sunk nearly 100$ into this game, and people are still upset about various things.Until the devs work on it, and actually improve the game - i'm done feeding the cash cow.i love the game, don't get me wrong - but I feel you are making more than enou...,Posted: May 4I like the arcade version of this game. Unfortunately I can't recommend the PC version. Even if it says \"full controller support\" it actually requires some tedious switching, and it somehow doesn't work the way you think it would work. You also don't have access to all the songs. I understand they need to pay for the licensing for all of the songs, but it's so expensive (even as a bundle and when on sale!) that it doesn't feel worth it.Also honestly it's actually a pretty bad rhythm game (coming from a veteran of DDR, DanceManiaX, GitaDora, Pump It Up, Ez2Dancer/Ez2Dj, and many many other rhythm games). The way the camera and perspective changes during the song can (and is meant to) throw you off, which is completely unnecessary for rhythm games tbh. It isn't the same as BPM shifts or stops in other games. You can see the notes coming but the depth perception issues can cause you to miss anyway, until you memorize the song at least.But of course once you do memorize the song you get into a groove and it feels good. That's what I liked about it in the arcades. But yeah most of my favorite songs are DLCs. Not worth it to me."
"346"	"661470"	"The Gateway Trilogy"	NA	NA	"Casual,Indie,Adventure,Third Person,Atmospheric,Singleplayer,Dark,Mature,Mystery,Drama,Puzzle,Psychological,2D,Point & Click"	"About This GameGateway is an award-winning minimalist adventure game series set in a mostly empty black void. The Gateway Trilogy includes remastered versions of the first two games – plus a never-before-seen third installment.GatewayThe Gateway games have a deceptively simple premise: guide a character through a series of rooms, solve puzzles in order to progress.Gateway I & IIGateway I & II were originally released as freeware back in 2006 and 2007. For the trilogy edition they have been completely remastered with enhancements to sound, gameplay and visuals – along with the addition of a never-before-seen third installment.If you've never played the previous Gateway games, this is by far the best way to experience them. If you've already played them, don't miss the chance to experience them again in this spruced up and expanded package.Gateway IIIGateway III – the lengthiest installment in the series by far – is a completely new addition that loosely builds upon the previous games in surprising and discomforting ways.Key FeaturesTrilogy: Enjoy an entirely new part of the quietly unsettling Gateway seriesRemastered: Appreciate the reworked music, gameplay and visualsStory: Experience strange and ambiguous storiesPuzzles: Solve tricky puzzles in an abstract minimalist voidCommentary: Listen to the creator outline the choices behind the game's design"	""
"347"	"1002871"	"皓月空华 - 打赏3$"	2018-12-31	2.99	"Strategy,Adventure,Free to Play,RPG,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This Content特别注意：该DLC仅供打赏使用，没有任何实质性内容，如果您不小心购买了该DLC或者毫不知情可以在2个月内申请退款，感谢支持！------------------------------------------------------------------游戏简介：新历一百零一年，蔓延整个达克尼斯大陆的战火停熄一百年后，位于大陆内海中央的一座小岛上，却在此时迎来了足以催生新时代的力量。来自大陆东方王国的特殊部队、百年前战胜国的秘密活动、岛上的原生种族、神秘的外来客，以及独自一人跨越漩涡登上岛屿的主角。各方势力仿佛被一条看不见的线牵引一般，来到了传说中无人到达的岛屿，拉开了划时代的序幕。------------------------------------------------------------------人物介绍：罗天，具有十足冒险精神，平日里看上去悠哉悠哉，似乎对任何事都不关心，而又太关心的人。在本作中，其将作为男一号登上神秘的流影岛继续他的好奇探险。远古的种族，不灭的诅咒，心酸的往事……一切的谜团如浓雾一般笼罩着大海之中的流影岛，和罗天。自己的身世过往，古老的禁咒法术......所有的一切都将随着剧情的发展一层层揭开，而最终的真相，是否又如众人所料那般，已不得而知......万俟妤，金狮神机营的女执行官。为人正直，果敢勇武。然而在其坚强的外表下，似乎隐藏着其脆弱的另一面。在本作中，万俟妤大人将作为女一号登场，背负 金狮王朝 的巨大使命，带领 神机营 来到流影岛执行一项秘密任务……苏禹轩，性格俏皮，外表和名字都有点像男孩子的女子。善使鞭子，揣测人心。作为女二号的她，其身后必然隐藏着不为人知的秘密。据她自己与 罗天 第一次见面的描述，她与流影岛上的古老种族交往颇深，而她天生便可以听得懂岛上原住民的语言，其缘由并不为人知......而其此次登岛，似乎有另外的目的...... ......伊蒂斯，游戏初期以一种巨人以千里之外的神秘态度现身。虽然其拥有本应是流影岛原著民族的肤色，但是年纪轻轻便性格冷淡，加之会说大陆的语言，让她的身上就如同流影岛一般充满了神秘的气息…………------------------------------------------------------------------游戏特色：2D像素风格的画面；整整四章+序、终两章的游戏流程；极具特色的剧情，世界观在层层线索下逐渐展开；经典的回合制战斗系统+多种多样的魔法碎片和技能；丰富的支线以及隐藏要素；------------------------------------------------------------------"	"https://store.steampowered.com/app/1041760/感谢大家支持！玩家群：597671541,最终boss贼难打，还是选了简单模式的，回血简直变态，角色51-60级，打的药都快没了、、、有没有通过了的?多少等级或者血量过的？,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1030090更多游戏：https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289QQ群：597671541感谢大家支持！,拥有任何一款游戏的玩家并且关注0Cube的都可以入群领取关注下面的链接https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33077289加入Q群：597671541感谢大家，祝大家新年快乐！,求第四章通天塔中层攻略,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1002873/Super_Reward_99/What the hell is that? xD,我玩浮空之岛那一章一开始的时候一直传送不到黄色的珠子那里，怎么过去啊？I play floated island of the chapter at first was less than the yellow beads, there how past?,Just found this game and it looks like a game I would enjoy, but I don't speak chinese."
"348"	"307550"	"Cloudbuilt - Through the Fog"	2014-07-07	NA	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentThis first DLC pack for Cloudbuilt adds a new themed area to the world (Fog) and introduces five unique levels that'll really test your skills! These new stages aren't just fun for experienced players, but also provide new players with an opportunity to experience the platforming aspect of the game on its own before taking on enemies. With the fog closing in and your visibility clouded, have you got what it takes to make it to the exit?Please note: in order for the Fog area to unlock, players must have first completed the 'Initial Entry' tutorial stage."	"Hi! I've been following the game after a fashion ever since I was wowwed by the stuff posted in Greenlight. Congrats on the release! I was wondering, is there any chance your toolset will allow you to make linux (and mac) versions of Cloudbuilt, somewhere...,When I launch cloudbuilt from steam or from the exe nothing happens. When I open the level editor it says that it failed to load a bunch of stuff. I have tried unistalling the game but it has not changed anything.,i have 3 fps, and a 960m gtx gpu. Everything is very low vsync off, im using my main gpu too (960m) but even at 640 to 480 i am at 3 fps,Excuse me for machine translation.Normally, when the window is active during game playing, the cursor of the mouse used for moving the view should be adjusted so that it is locked in the window so that it does not go out of the frame, but it works well,300 Lives doens't make up for the lack of save points and super length of these levels. Completeing them at all is such a huge jump in difficulty from literally any challenge the base game contained that it boggles the mind."
"349"	"1024070"	"Ribbon Racer Next"	2019-02-22	4.99	"Racing,Singleplayer,Indie,Romance,Comedy"	"About This GameBecome a legendary master and get a girlfriend! Besides... cars can fly here!Ribbon Racer Next is a racing game in which the player can change the components of his car during the race. Three different types of chassis, combined with three types of body, give you nine unique combinations. Of course, each body/chassis has its advantages and disadvantages, so to win, you need to match your set of components depending on the situation.Most tracks are generated randomly based on previously prepared fragments, which can additionally occur in several different variants, which in effect gives you countless possibilities.The game allows a local multi-player game for up to 4 players on a split-screen (or multi-screen).New in the series is the story mode intended for single players. Enjoy the story of a rookie who decided to become a legendary master and get a girlfriend.Like in previous game in the series, the soundtrack was created by Mateusz JaN Mazur („Ribbon Racer”, „Trust Game”, „Crystanks: Before Invasion”)The game has following features:- dynamic, innovative gameplay in which you can modify the car during the race- random track generator, which contains 35+ track fragments (which can be easily expanded with updates) that gives you countless possibilities to generate a race track- the possibility of a local multi-player game on a split-screen (or multi-screen) for up to 4 players- epic story mode with 5 different endings (that's 5 more than in previous game)"	""
"350"	"487500"	"fault - SILENCE THE PEDANT"	NA	NA	"Indie,Visual Novel,Anime,Female Protagonist,Great Soundtrack,Point & Click,Adventure"	"Demo Version DisclaimerThis is a prerelease version, and not reflective of the final product. You may experience issues that will not be present upon release. Music and other content is not finalized and may be subject to change.The demo will release in three parts; the first part is out now, with the second to follow next week, and a special third part will be released during Anime Expo!,About This Gamefault - SILENCE THE PEDANT is a Cinematic Visual Novel with Point and Click Adventure elements that takes place 5 years before the events of fault - milestone one. After her grandfather, the Royal Guardian to the king, loses his life in the line of duty, Ritona starts to become disillusioned with the notion of honor and duty to serve one’s country.Why would one devote their life to a King or a Princess that ultimately has no emotional bearing to their lives?What is honor, and what is devotion?What does it mean to be patriotic?A 14-year-old successor to the title of Royal Guardian struggles with these questions.Playing through fault - milestone one and milestone two side:above is advised, but not required."	""
"351"	"1034080"	"Red and Blue ~ Cycles of Existence (Script Code)"	2019-02-14	1.99	"Indie,Casual,Nudity"	"About This ContentWith this DLC, you can discover how this story-game was made with the script-code of the storyline, in PDF format! While the code does use English terms, the story (text) is in its original version, aka French.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Strong language.Nudity."	"♪ Let your Wishlist be preparedDivine D.I.V.A. is here! ♪https://store.steampowered.com/app/1064930/,Honestly not sure if I'm doing anything wrong but they're just refusing to unlock and I've no idea why. Played through both the paths multiple times and neither of them have unlocked.,https://store.steampowered.com/app/1034000https://store.steampowered.com/app/1034080https://store.steampowered.com/app/1034090,The main game store page is on the way (it needs approval first).DLChttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1064980/(French only)https://store.steampowered.com/app/1064981/, 1.C’est quoi ça? « Red and Blue » est une brève histoire tragique, en 2 versions, Rouge et Bleu. La personnalité de Saliéka varie selon la version. Dans la rouge, elle est « très émotionnelle et assez vulgaire dans ses paroles » alor..., 1. What’s this? ”Red and Blue” is a brief tragic tale, with 2 versions, Red and Blue. Salieka’s personality varied in each version. In the red version, she’s “impulsive and rude”, while in the Blue version, she’s “logical and ...,Both Cylance and Jiangmin flag this game as a virus. It’s a false positive. There is nothing dangerous in the game’s files. "
"352"	"297898"	"Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou - \"Goemon Ishikawa\", \"Yasuke\" Bushou Data"	NA	NA	"Strategy"	"About This ContentCharacter data that enables Goemon Ishikawa, the great thief, and Yasuke, Nobunaga's vassal with the strength of ten men, to appear in the game."	"At least English text... This game looks cool but it would be impossible to play in Chinese.,没想到英文也有今天啊，哈哈哈，这回知道我们天天玩没有本国语言游戏的感觉了吧。不过60也太贵了。。。什么时候打折啊。,各位,小弟用Win10, 請問可以玩創造嗎? 謝謝,游戏安装正常，但steam一直没有更新新的升级补丁，请问你们遇到了吗，谁知道怎么解决。,在創作武將里輸入不了中文名字...一直都是問號。請問各位輸入到嗎？"
"353"	"637340"	"Solar Core"	NA	NA	"Action,Indie,Top-Down Shooter,Twin Stick Shooter,Bullet Hell,Arena Shooter,Music,Arcade,Local Co-Op,Shoot 'Em Up"	"About This GameSolar core is a top down twin stick shooter, where you must reconquer the galaxy one core at a time by surviving waves of rhythm based enemies.Each level plays out based on the beat and intensity of the music and the goal is simply to survive until the end of each song. Choose one of six different ships/characters, each with its own unique abilities and playstyle Different types of enemies and bosses that all act based on the beat of the music Original soundtrack Local Coop Xbox controller and mouse/keyboard support"	""
"354"	"663160"	"Pocket Universe : Create Your Community"	2017-10-13	19.99	"Early Access,Strategy,Action,RPG,Adventure,Simulation,Violent,Indie,Early Access,Gore"	"Reviews“If you believe in perspective early access projects, try this one.”IndieWorld,About This GamePrepare for a brand new adventure in Pocket Universe, a game which combines adored mechanics from strategy and RPG genres. Our vision is an experience which does not solely revolve around the player, but also the world itself which is inhabited by artificially intelligent agents. Pocket Universe tells the story of a human-created planet, following events which threatened the survival of the human race.FULL VERSION FEATURESWhile playing rpg game, enjoy the strategy game.You can access all the strategic items thanks to the help NPC while playing the RPG game.Third Person Action. RPG and strategy elementsFour Factions. 16,000 km2 mainland + 4,000 km2 island map. Minimum 10 hours main mission Every Npc own personality Every npc have friends,enemy,have their own thought etc. 100+ buildable building.Buildings you can build in your own districts and outposts.125 different soldier troops.Number of Soldier types trained by yourself and other communities.10 capturable village and outpost Coincidental artificial intelligenceCoincidental A.I.With our self-developed artificial intelligence, in every new game is different game. Relations between communities are completely random, relationships between NPCs are random.You will have different enemies and friends in each new game.Every move you make and artificial intelligence will affect all relationships.Unfortunately main tasks remain static."	"Posted: October 22, 2017Early Access ReviewEarly access. I mean like SUPER early access game. Seems that ultrawide resolutions aren't supported. The audio is horrible and could use some work. I couldn't even walk straight to the door I had to follow a path coming out of the very first building in the startup tutorial or whatever. This could use a lot more polish before it's ready to be considered a decent early access game.,Posted: October 13, 2017Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewThis game is still very early state, but im sure it will be developed nice. The idea of game is great i really bored about game which you are the boss but still you do all the thins (Also its not your bussines things), but here we can command to ncp'S and give them work (similar to Fallout 4) :)Daha çok çok yolun başında bir oyun, yinede yapımcısının türk olması ve tek bir kişi tarafından yapılması bence gayet takdir edilesi birşey!,Posted: November 23, 2017Early Access ReviewIt's okay for early access, needs optimization and story extension. Its incredible because it is an one person project. With low budget and 1 person its amazing. With this hardwork, game will eventually build up. It is the time we need.,Posted: November 16, 2017Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewIt is early access so its a little rough around the edges, but it has great potential with future updates. You get sent to a \"Pocket Universe\" to manage and help grow the people into a nice functioning little world with order. The only cons that I have for it are things attributable to being early access, so thats fine. I've always been a fan of sim/managment games so this really fits a role. it has a nice settlement times theme. I like it.,Posted: October 28, 2017Early Access ReviewFirst of all, we need to realise story! This game has story which is really quality, I love it. Environmental interaction really good you can get in contact with all of the character and when you get in conversation, you can get detailed information about story. In the future I think we 'll hear lots of thing about pocket universe because this game promise the future for gamers. This game early access game and version 0.1. It's mean this game need to important improvement. I believe we will get this improvment which will make better the game. Some physical improvement will be better for this game. Hey people who is reading this experience, definitely you need to try and experience the game beacuse ın the future Pocket Universe will be famous ! Best RegardsRO,Posted: January 29, 2018Early Access ReviewI dont usually review games but i must in this instance. What a pile of puppy doo doo. simple not chat its rubbish beyond saving.  Rant over,Posted: October 13, 2017Early Access ReviewSpent some time binding keys in the Unity starter and a ton more time waiting for the speech (at the start of the game) to end to get in to a game where I'm at WASD even though I rebound the keys at stert... (not sure what the game was about as I couldn't play it)Re-reading this I realize I wasn't very clear, the reason I couldn't play it is that I don't use WASD - which is why I rebound the keys before starting the game, which the game ignored once it started..."
"355"	"1062960"	"UNDER the SAND - a road trip game"	2019-04-22	NA	"Action,Adventure,Indie,Simulation,Racing"	"About This Game1980's. Alternative reality. Global warming has turned the whole world into a endless desert. Due to the aggressive climate, the blessings of civilization gradually go under the sand. Set out on a long journey on your old pickup truck to fulfill the last request of your late father. But is there a place left on this planet where it’s possible to do this?FEATURES- A large procedurally generated world with many roads to drive along. Who knows where the next turn will lead you.- Assemble, repair, refuel and tune your car;  your journey might end too quickly on a bone shaker.- Explore abandoned places that can be found along the road, and collect useful items that you can sell- Stylized low poly graphics- Advanced vehicle physics- Music cassettes!- It's road trip game, eventually!"	""
"356"	"642804"	"Train Simulator: InterCity BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ Loco Add-On"	2017-12-15	19.99	"Simulation"	"Pro RangeThe Pro Range is aimed toward the serious train simulation enthusiast looking for a complex machine to master. Each product is designed to provide education and entertainment for users. Xbox controller and HUD interface support do not come as standard and users will need to read the accompanying documentation to fully understand the operation of this advanced simulation.,About This ContentGrow your collection with an iconic piece of British Rail history: the infamous Advanced Passenger Train Prototype. Securing its place in history as the first commercial passenger train to feature tilting technology, it nonetheless suffered as the new features caused uproar and contention. Experience a genuine turning point in train design and challenge yourself to improve with this unique train and accompanying scenarios!Built by BREL at Derby, for allocation at Glasgow and Crewe, the BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ was an InterCity Development train uniquely designed to provide faster journey times on the West Coast Main Line. The WCML was plagued with a multitude of twists and turns as railway companies of old attempted to navigate the hilly landscape; and while trains could probably take turns at higher speeds than they did, the passenger’s comfort would be jeopardised.The initial APT project had already procured the APT-E (Experimental) which could tilt, but ran off of diesel turbines and was, much like previous turbine-driven locomotives, inefficient at lower speeds. The next development if the project would be the prototypes, but continual stalls in progress eventually called for the (not so) stop-gap, the High Speed Train.Eventually, in 1979, the BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ was completed. The APT-P consisted of six rakes and spare driving second & brake first vehicles, numbered 370001 – 370007. Each rake would contain up to six articulated trailer vehicles and one non-driving motor vehicle, so that each train set would comprise of two such rakes with the motor vehicles being situated in the centre of the formation. These formations resulted in three almost identical sets of 12 to 14 vehicles in length.Each centrally-positioned power car consisted of four traction motors, delivering upwards of 4,000hp per power car. With around 8,000hp propelling the APT-P in total, it earned the accolade of the most powerful domestic passenger train in the UK and would undoubtedly be able to reduce journey times, all it needed was a good tilting system.Needless to say it was good, it was very good, and in fact it was too good – as claimed by passengers and press. The active tilting system was so effective that you could not tell it was tilting, but when looking out the window, feeling level-headed and seeing the countryside bobbing up and down at the same time caused seasick-like discomfort. The ghost-tilt of the APT would be one of many issues to come to light, and would not be rectified until later models were released.Due to the shoestring budget during engineering there were flaws in the manufacturing of the power car bogies which resulted in poorly fitting brake equipment. This caused brakes to stick to the wheel of the power cars causing them to overheat. There were also problems with various lubricants used throughout the power cars which caused oil filter blockages.Despite the technical troubles the APT-P was credited with a number of firsts. It was the first passenger train to use self-contained septic tanks, and it housed a completely unique hydrokinetic braking system which was very successful and worked incredibly well. The APT-P was also the world’s first commercial passenger train to use tilting technology. The APT-P would offer a passenger relief service between London and Glasgow, three days a week, between 1983 and 1985. However, it was forced into service during December and failed on one of its first big outings, dealing more damage in the public eye.Ultimately, after the technical problems and a lack political will to take the project forward, the planned APT project would never be fully developed into the APT-S (Squadron) sets. The APT-P powercar would instead influence the BR Class 89, the prototype to the BR Class 91 InterCity 225 of the East Coast Main Line, and the tilting technology would be sold to Fiat who refined their Pendolino family and would eventually sell their train sets back in the form of the BR Class 390 - the tilting, spiritual successor to the APT-P.Today only a single, almost complete APT-P has survived into preservation and is housed at the Crewe Heritage Railway Centre next to its old stomping grounds, the West Coast Main Line. Despite drawing people from all over the world, APT-P has suffered and is all but a shadow of her former self.Entirely unique in every right and with a service speed of 125mph, a design speed of 155 and a record speed of 162.2, the APT-P, while flawed, has its own place in railway history; continue its tale yourself as we bring the much-loved BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ to Train Simulator!Included ScenariosThe Advanced Passenger Train Prototype includes three challenging Career Scenarios for the West Coast Main Line Over Shap Route:C-APT TrainingNorthbound FunSouthbound RunPlease Note: The West Coast Main Line Over Shap Route Add-On is required, as a separate purchase, in order to play the scenarios featured in this add-on.More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesRepresents the APT-P as they were in active serviceIncludes Driving Trailer Second, Trailer Second, Trailer First, Trailer Restaurant Buffet Second, Trailer Unclassified, Trailer Brake First, Non-Driving Motor VehiclesIncludes Passenger View in the TRBS VehicleAuthentic Advanced Physics and Handling CharacteristicsReactive Tilt System enabling APT to handle cant deficiency up to 9 degreesFully functional Cab including key Pro Range features:Operable Diesel and Motor Alternator SetsMaster KeyBoost Throttle FunctionalityHydrokinetic Brake SimulationCounter-Tilt PantographIndividual Lamp Control (Head, Tail and Marker)Lifting Nose and Extending BuffersRealistic Control-APT Driver Advisory SystemC-APT Transponder Markers Included for User Generated ScenariosAuthentic Start-Up Procedure including AWS and C-APT Self-Test, Local and Remote DA/MA Set Control and Operating Cab DoorsAuthentic Sounds Recorded from APT at Crewe Heritage Centre3 Career ScenariosNumber of appropriate and authentic set consist configurationsQuick Drive compatibleDownload Size: 247.7 MB"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"357"	"342799"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Anthrax - “Got The Time”"	2015-03-24	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Got The Time\" by Anthrax on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"358"	"357340"	"Cobalt"	2016-02-02	14.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie,Platformer,Multiplayer,Shooter,2D,Local Multiplayer,Robots,Sci-fi,Level Editor,Bullet Time,Co-op,Side Scroller,4 Player Local,Fast-Paced,Controller"	"Reviews“For brief moments, it can feel like a 2D Deus Ex.”Rock Paper Shotgun“Across all modes, across all entertaining distractions, Cobalt is the 2D platform-shooter-brawler in which you can combat-roll into oncoming projectiles, trigger a glorious moment of auto-slo-mo, and knock whatever's headed your way back in the direction it came from.”Eurogamer“It simply doesn’t get better than this.”PCGamesN,About This GameForget everything you’ve learned about combat. Cobalt’s slo-mo mechanic lets you perform moves that other games can’t comprehend. Play through the story and discover answers to mysterious questions including: What happened to the humans? Why am I riding a space hamster? How is my cyborg head so good at deflecting bullets? Multiplayer is a less cryptic, though equally enjoyable affair: face off against friends and enemies in local or online multiplayer, learn the intricacies of over 80 maps and 67 weapons, and dominate the leaderboards.Enjoy 6 multiplayer modes on over 80 maps. Play locally or online. Wield over 37 ranged weapons, 33 melee weapons, 6 hand shields, and more...Use Cobalt's signature move - the combat roll - to deflect projectiles or line up sweet headshots.Take advantage of our automatic-extreme-slo-mo mechanic,  to pull off sick manoeuvres like rocket punches, bullet deflects, or last-second goalsCustomise weapons and armour to your personal taste.Play through the story alone or in co-op. Tame wasps! Take part in unnecessary dancing mini-games. Make friends with birds then get sad when they explode into puff of feathersSix game modesSurvival Mode: Face off against waves of enemies, upgrading equipment between rounds. Combat and Speed challenges: test speed, agility and combat skills in a wealth of challenges. Take your place on the global leaderboards.Deathmatch: Go head to head in free-for-all showdowns or team-based battles.Team Strike:  No respawns.  Multiple rounds! Equipment upgrades! Cobalt’s most original mode.Plug Slam: The most popular sport in the Cobalt universe. Slam the plug into the goal to win. Don’t die!Story Mode: Discover the secrets of a remote colony alone or with a friend in local co-op. Includes puzzles, boss fights and tameable pets.Cobalt is the brainchild of Oxeye Game Studio, which consists of Jens Bergensten, Daniel Brynolf, and Pontus Hammarberg. It’s published by Mojang."	"Posted: July 20, 2017 tl;dr: Buy this game now, It's worth 20 dollars and more. This game deserves WAY more praise than it gets. It's 2D sidescrolling action platforming at its finest, however be warned that this game doesn't have conventional play by any means. It's main combat style is heavily oriented around this game's unique Rolling mechanic. You don't aim with a mouse, so the only way to shoot above or below you is rolling, not to mention it can deflect bullets, increse speed, chain combo kills, stomp opponents, and entertain me for hours!Not to mention its SUPERB soundtrack and graphics! The lighting is incredible, the sound design is top-notch, and its production quality is above and beyond any other 2D sidescrolling platformer I've EVER played! It has endless polish, a banger of a soundtrack, a beautiful artstyle, tons of content, online multiplayerplayer, a huge story mode I have yet to finish and SO much more!Althought its difficulty is immense, and the difficulty curve is hard to cope, I think this only adds to the experience. It requires split-second timing and quite a lot of strategic planning with how you approach certain enemies with different weapons, but really that's more of a plus than many negative reviews give it credit for. If you're struggling with this game, don't feel discouraged! Skill comes with practise, which comes with time! I'd reccomend the arcade mode challenges to practise your skills.All in all, it's a great game. Extremely well made. My biggest quip and my only problem is how  it was marketed. Cobalt gets barely any spotlight, and as such suffers greatly. Mojang, publisher of Cobalt, developed the biggest hit game in history, Minecraft, and yet they totally failed when trying to raise Cobalt. It's a real mystery to me how it flew so low under the radar. Barely anybody plays it, so nobody's online half the time. It's a real shame.Anyways, buy it. It's worth your time, and it's more than worth 20$. Also, thanks for sticking around and reading this whole review, I really appreciate your dedication. If you got this far, you deserve to play Cobalt, so do yourself a favor and buy it. You won't regret it.,Posted: February 3, 2016To me this game is already a timeless classic.Story: 8/10. A solid plot with plenty of humour. Not a masterpiece, but the story is conveyed excellently through the campaign style. Story mode is not the primary focus of Cobalt, but it is a lengthy, challenging and rewarding campaign. The lore behind the game is intriguing and leaks through into some of the arcade mode maps, which I think is a really nice touch.Graphics: 9/10. It's not beautiful pixel art and it's no Mona Lisa, but playing some of the custom maps completely convinced me that this game can look really amazing.Sound: 9/10. The music is catchy and memorable and the sound fx perfectly match what is happening in-game, slowing down when the time dilation kicks in. I can't think of anything I would change here.Gameplay: Beyond 10. In an age of games where the gameplay is often left to one side, Cobalt turns around and says \"here's what it means to be a gameplay focused game.\" The entire game is physical and feels very natural after a while at the controls. There are really endless possibilities to what can be done inside the Cobalt engine, which is why I'm incredibly excited to see that there are already modding possibilities. Never before have I played a game that creates so many awesome moments. Doing a backflip over a missile whilst shooting your gun at a grenade so it bounces off a wall and into another player is just tame to me now. This is the game that will make you squeal, will make you sweat and will make you feel like the most awesome person in the universe.Cobalt sets the bar for gameplay now. Forget Mario, forget Smash Bros, forget every other game under the sun. I will never be able to look at another game again the same way. If you think this is just another arena brawler like Duck Game and Towerfall then think again. I can't play those kind of games anymore without thinking \"man, I'd rather just be playing Cobalt.\",Posted: February 2, 2016Okay so this game is absolutely great. The story mode, the online modes and even the challenge maps and workshop content. I have been having a blast and the campaign is absolutley hilarious. I must say though, this game is absolutely unplayable without a controller. I tried it with keyboard and almost got cancer. USE A CONTROLLER!,Posted: February 2, 2016Yes yes YES!! Almost 7 hours in and I am extremely satisfied! About 2 years ago I bought the alpha because that by itself looked simply amazing and revolutionary. I am now 7% complete with the story mission and have very little to complain about. The story has kept me interested a lot of characters lack depth but rarely humor. Dialouge is actually kind of fun and will leave you laughing.(Just remember your ABCs cobalt) The developers are AMAZING, they are helpful, answered my questions personally, and even played with me WUT!? Many thought this game was abandoned for a long period of time, but its my guess they were spending that time adding the LOADS of content that is in game now.I played probably 50+ hours of the alpha and know a lot about the multi player, survival, team strike etc. Am excited to explore the new features and additions. Despite probably a crash or two every hour the alpha was a fun experience by itself which should say something. Oh and if you have a gamepad USE IT, the keyboard controls are extremely bizzare especially if you are a newblett. Oh and a side note on that game pad controls are changed from the alpha, and they are much easier to use.The game has a story that seems well put together, and it feels like the three or so man dev team actually cares about the backstorys, lore, etc. The mystery has kept me playing, but for the love of my foot IM GETTING SICK OF THE SAME STUPID COMPUTER BOSS FIGHT, im not kidding I WILL KICK MYSELF IF I HAVE TO FIGHT THAT FRIKIN COMPUTER AGAIN. 3rd times the charm devs, change it up a little.Expect to feel like a complete mlg rekt blazit noscope proscope oh baby a triple double, backfliping slowmotion maniac, in the multiplayer, which needs some connection issues fixed, it feels laggy and slow curently.So um yeah buy it,enjoy it,love it.Cobalt/10Woop,Posted: February 2, 2016Cobalt is an action platformer with very satisfying combat mechanics.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LQ__S1SiSMThe game is relatively easy to pickup, but there are a lot of tools given to you that if used properly, can give you the edge over your enemies. Timing and skill is quite important when it comes to combat, which makes it that much more satisfying.First, I should mention that you can't aim freely in this game. You shoot wherever the character is facing, which is left or right. That is unless you hold the crouch or sneak button. That makes your character aim at the closest enemy automatically. That's how you can take out enemies on ceilings, or in the air. Your character will also auto-aim at enemies while you roll.Rolling has other uses as too. If you roll into an enemy projectile, then you will deflect it and avoid taking damage. If it hits your head directly while rolling, then you'll deflect it at your enemy and in turn hurting them. However, if the projectile hits your feet while rolling, then you will take damage. It's little things like this that continue to make the gunplay interesting in this game.One detail I love is that if you time it just right, you can punch the ground as you roll to launch yourself into the air.Your arsenal consists of melee weapons, firearms and thrown objects. All of these add variety when it comes to destroying your foes. It's fun stuff!There are two modes to choose from.Story mode will have you making your way through huge levels, navigating different paths, completing puzzles, picking doors, discovering secrets etc. It's similar to other \"metroidvania\" games if you want a more direct comparison. This mode is also sprinkled with a few cutscenes and dialogue, which are generally quite funny and well written.The arcade mode pits you in constant action. You can choose combat or speed mode here. Speed mode has you try to navigate through levels at high speeds, where combat mode lets you wreak havoc. You've got shields, cool armour and tonnes of enemies to mow through. You feel like a badass.My only gripe with the game so far, is sometimes you'll want to break a barrier above you, and since it's not an enemy, your character will not auto aim at it. That means you need to roll and time your shot in hopes that it'll hit the barrier. It would be nice in cases like this if you could aim upwards.I absolutely love the soundtrack. A lot of it consists of 80s dark synth-y type of stuff, although it's got quite a variety.Lastly, in all games, I always find myself moving my character to the music. Crouching to the beat and turning with the melody. This game actually rewards you for it! If you do certain actions in the rhythm, it gives you points. I just love that little detail, as it encourages you to have fun with little details like dancing to music.Overall, I think it's a really solid game, with a lot of variety when it comes to game modes, and the combat is really what takes the cake. Fun, and satisfying.,Posted: June 3, 2017Dear Oxeye and Mojang,                     Please do not listen to all the people who say your games are garbage, as this is not button-mapping hell like all the others say. Cobalt is a fun, addicting game, I play it every single chance I get, and it's from the creators and publishers of Minecraft. Here's what I have to say about this game:                   PROS:            - It has a very complex and imaginative design.            - I advertise this game all across my friends.            - Very great story            - I like the battle modes, my team always wins                  CONS:            - My character has a very low health            - Enemies don't stop spawning at the end of chapter 2            - The free respawns are fake             Please make and publish more games, Mojang. I really love you.,Posted: February 6, 2016Wow, I have so many things to say I don't know where to start.I started playing this game during its Alpha release, and from the moment I finished the tutorial, I knew this game had great potential. Not only was a stellar team working tirelessly to put such a complex game together, they were streaming their development process; There was always open communication between the devs and the community. Not only this, but they were backed by Mojang- A new testament to the reliability of small-team game developement.Cobalt is a game of reflex, maneuverability and precision. There is no shortage of skills and strategy to be employed and the skill ceiling will leave casual gamers and veterans alike in awe of the possibilities of team composition, movement, vantage points, and finger dexterity.One of the coolest features of Cobalt is the Time Dialation mechanic which slows time locally (relevant to each player) giving players more time to react to incoming projectiles. It is this mechanic (which I assume was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get working consistantly for multiplayer) which enables players to perform feats which would simply be impossible in other platformer/shooters. There is a copious amount of weapons, accessories, and characters ensuring that every thinkable playstyle can be catered to and employed successfully. This is especially useful for players hoping to customize their online experience, essentially allowing users to create their own classes in multiplayer matches and by extension, a new meta game for each lobby you join.Fans of PVP gameplay will get hours of enjoyment from this title. A true test of gaming skill. Marvelous. Simply marvelous.,Posted: March 29, 2016I got this game back in the Alpha stage and I can say without a doubt that it is one of my favorites. The gameplay is clean and the graphics are great. My only concern is that I cannot play more than two players locally with my direct input gamepads. I love the large amount of gamemodes offered and the customizablity of the maps. Definetly recommend this to all combat gamers.,Posted: February 3, 2016I bought this game in alpha and it had no features. Devs actually delivered.,Posted: February 9, 2016Everything is better with bullet time, and Cobalt is no exception. Oxeye's run-and-gun platformer has action, charm, and humour by the spadeload and is absolutely worth the asking price. It also has giant sabertooth space hamsters!Battles in both singleplayer and online are chaotic and will often have unpredictable and hilarious outcomes, but you never feel that you've lost control. Time slows down as bullets and grenades get close to you, giving you the opportunity to execute a pixel-perfect dodge or perhaps even punch a grenade right back at whoever threw it! Facing a hail of bullets? No problem: do a combat roll straight into them and reflect them off the top of your robot's armoured head!Although some people have commented that you need a gamepad, I'm getting on just fine with keyboard controls. For a right-handed person the defaults are pretty logical if you spend a couple of minutes in the tutorial to learn them, and are remappable if you find them awkward."
"359"	"511420"	"Aleph Null"	2016-08-15	0.99	"Early Access,Casual,Early Access,Simulation,Action,VR,Platformer,3D Platformer"	"About This GameAleph Null is a story based platformer/puzzler for the HTC Vive. Engage in the story mode or Challenge yourself to 4 difficulty levels Beginner, Intermediate, Expert, and Master to reach the end in the quickest time possible. Charge your shots and manage ammo to improve yourself!Features in Alpha:- 4 difficulty simulations with 4 stages each- Stunning surreal space environments and realistic areas- Special introduction experience (Work in Progress)- Music for every simulation level- The ability to provide feedback and influence the game- And more!Demo coming soon!***Note: This game is in alpha, it is an incomplete experience right now so you can expect bugs, wonkyness, and unfinished features. By purchasing this game you are helping me to continue development and make the game even better. Do not purchase if this isn't acceptable to you. The demo will be available soon if you would like to wait for that before deciding to support me. If you encounter anything like that you can email me at SpaaaceDeveloper@gmail.com with bugs, comments, suggestions, or anything else!"	"Posted: August 15, 2016Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewSpaaace to me is a skill based platformer in Virtual Reality. This game, while in very early stages of development, successfully achieves many things that I would like to bring out in my review.Graphics:The graphics, as can be seen from the screenshots, are not on part with many other early VR Games but they are unique for their gameplay. It is based on simple geometric shapes that have interesting colors and promote a calm gameplay.Audio: The audio seems very appropriate for this game. I loved the intro music while in the menu and especially the progressing songs with the increasing stages, Beginner, Intermediate, Expert etc where the songs had gotten more intense to flow better with the level design.Level Design:I feel like the levels are appropriately designed in terms of increasing difficulty. The beginner level acts as a mini tutorial while having you play through the level at the same time, which I appreciate. (No time wasting here) Higher levels seem to get progressively larger/longer with farther spaced out objects varying in height and distance.Immersion:The game does a good job making you feel like you are actually standing on a platform, although the vertigo effect is not as prevalent as in other games that deal with platforms and or height. Gameplay:The game does a great job of providing you with different powerups which can keep you more alert and not spamming shots mindlessly, angle and charge time matters here!Misc Notes and Suggestions:1) Graphically wise, the gun and background can use a bit of TLC to get it to have more of an immersive feel.2) Perhaps an addition of multiple gun types such as different types of blasters/teleporters which enable you to store more ammo, have different powerups, quicker charge up times and so on, variety is key here.3) Would be interesting to see a different game type because currently replay-ability seems a bit scarce after you finish the levels, perhaps adding enemies at each platform or at platforms ahead who are trying to knock you off and you must fight them off or defend with some sort of shield.4) Please add some sort of scoring system/leader boards so that we have something to replay and or compete with such as who reached the finish line the fastest, number of shots/teleports taken etcConclusion:This is a very early game in development as the developer has mentioned.Having experienced this first hand, I give credit where credit is due, and that is the core gameplay mechanic and simplicity. With a low/entry price tag and promise from the developer of further improvement and addition of content, I recommend this game in order to support it being grown into something even better. The idea, concept and immersion is there. This is a very simple game to kill time."
"360"	"352160"	"Curse of Mermos"	2015-06-23	NA	"Free to Play,Indie,Action,Hack and Slash,Multiplayer"	"Reviews“Curse of Mermos is a fun and somewhat addictive game to play on your PC, and the best part is that it’s totally free. No in-game transactions, no ads – just plenty of button-mashing fun to be had.”8.2 – IGN Middle East,About This GameCurse of Mermos features Abdu, an adventurer searching for fame and fortune in the ruins of Ancient Egypt. One of the greatest mysteries still standing is the location of Pharaoh Ebo, once a great ruler of the land. Abdu is on the brink of a great discovery but he will find out that Ebo’s tomb hides more mysteries than he thought. Curse of Mermos is a free, lighthearted hack and slash game with fast paced action and challenging combat. Players wield the Hammer of Horus or shoot the Crossbow of Neith to defeat hordes of monsters in the tomb of Ebo. The game features unlockable abilities and skill upgrades for personalized combat. Special game modifiers allow players to customize each playthrough."	"Posted: July 5, 2015Fun little game. Nothing too fancy, but it's exactly what it advertises. If you have an hour to kill and like this kind of game I would reccommend it.Edit: after looking at some of the negative reviews, I have no idea where they are coming from. I went back and tried to clip through all of the walls and gates and couldn't, and I played the first 15 or so waves with the mouse and keyboard and it's fine. Haters gonna hate. *shrugs*,Posted: June 23, 2015Curse of Mermos is a truly free game. You play top down fighting waves of enemy's and collecting treasure and artifacts to further your objectives. The game is simple and challenging and I do enjoy it.  I have no qualms about recommending it as it is a truly free game, its super simple, and really the only thing that I could even consider being a negative is that you will be better off playing it with a controller.So if your in for a good free game, and want some challenge try the Curse of Mermos.,Posted: July 7, 2015Damn, I did not prepare well for that final stage haha.2 hours of game play, 1 hour spent on the final stage :PGreat short game. Good job , hope you guys got a good grade (:,Posted: June 23, 2015This game is really fun and challenging, a true indie gem. You play top-down, fighting waves of enemies. New enemies appear every few rounds, making it more challenging to finish a round.There are really no downsides that I could find, the combat and the abilities are just in-depth enough to keep the game intriguing and fun until the end, and the controls and UI were very fluid and nice. Another thing that I really liked was the charming graphics. They were pretty yet maintaned a cartoonish feel.10/10 would recommend.,Posted: August 5, 2015Competent, versatile, entertaining and actually free top-down shooter, with added brawling mechanisms and possible upgrades. Dodge 'n' shoot!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poNplLHA4pE,Posted: June 23, 2015This game was fairly enjoyable if you have a controller or are willing to map decent controls with a 3rd party program to a \"controller\" a.k.a keyboard + mouse I enjoyed the games simplicity. It's a simple, easy-to-learn hack-and slash game. I'm not sure if it is endless or not (I got bored at around wave 30-35) The upgrading aspect was fun at first but after the 3rd upgrade or so it was just the same old because there were no more extra abilities but then glyphs were introduced which are pretty cool and/or unique. Overall, if you have a controller and are looking for a game to waste a couple hours on this is a pretty good choice.7.5/10,Posted: June 24, 2015I spent a couple of hours with the game (outside of steam). And first and foremost, it is highly recommended that you try this with a gamepad (It seems most bad reviews are related to it being hard to play on keyboard and mouse).  Once you get that out of  the way though, you are left with a simple, yet very fun game. It has nice progression, and the combat yet simple is a very good example of an action rpg  dungeon crawler of sort, it is tricky and the monsters AI is good.It is totally worth picking up and playing, A bang for your buck, but since it's free that's even better, no?Highly recommended, if anything but to support great indie devs.,Posted: January 17, 2016Very simple yet fun game with a nice variety of enemies decent upgrades, level layouts and overall good presentation. Its a nice single dungeon experience that you can finish in about 3 hrs.,Posted: July 28, 2015An interesting game! It is oddly addicting and is quite charming to look at. I would like to see this evolve in the future.,Posted: December 19, 2015Curse of Mermos is a free game by a coding academy team.  There is NO SAVE, only die and quit.  Works best with a xbox controller.  good as a time waster.  Try and delete."
"361"	"222590"	"Train Simulator: Great Northern F7 ‘Empire Builder’ Loco Add-On"	2013-08-01	8.99	"Simulation"	"Classics RangeThe Classics Range features a selection of must-have products at value for money prices from the TS back catalogue.,About This ContentThis DLC is only available to purchase in the USA.The hugely popular EMD F7 has hauled some of North America’s most celebrated passenger trains, including Great Northern’s Empire Builder, and is now available in this famous consist and livery for Train Simulator.Built between February 1949 and December 1952 by General Motors’ Electro-Motive Division and General Motors Diesel, the F7 started life as a freight-hauling unit but quickly moved on to haul passenger services for numerous North American railroads. The unit was the fourth in GM-EMD’s line of successful F-unit locomotives and was the company’s best-selling cab unit of all time – more than 2,300 cab-equipped A-units and just under 1,500 cabless B-units were built in total.The EMD F7 replaced the EMD F3, although there were not many external differences between the two units – most changes were internal. Such was the popularity of the F7 that many remained in service for several decades as railroads found them economical to operate and maintain. However, they were not popular with yard crews as they were difficult to access and visibility was poor due to the high cab position and long nose.With an operational speed of 80 km/h (50 mph) and a high tractive effort, the EMD F7 powered some of the most famous trains in North America, including Santa Fe’s Super Chief and El Capitan, and Great Northern’s Empire Builder, a famous passenger train route between Chicago and Seattle, Washington or Portland.The Empire Builder first ran on 11 June 1929 and quickly became Great Northern’s premier passenger service. Named after James J Hill, a railroad tycoon, the train ran through some of the North West’s most spectacular scenery, which passengers could view through the train’s domed coaches and ‘Great Dome’ car for first class passengers as they passed through the Cascade Mountains, Rocky Mountains and Glacier National Park.The Empire Builder continues today, operated by Amtrak and previously by Burlington Northern and the Great Northern Railway. Latterly, the train carries in excess of half a million passengers annually, maintaining its status as the most popular long-distance train in Amtrak’s national system.The EMD F7 for Train Simulator is available in Great Northern ‘Empire Builder’ livery and includes the full coaching stock of the famous Empire Builder train, including sleeper cars, dome coach, sleeper observation car and mail baggage car. Features include cab lighting, Mars headlamp and passenger views from the different passenger cars.The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the EMD F7 on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Marias Pass route (available separately and required to play these scenarios).ScenariosThree scenarios for the Marias Pass route:Empire Builder TutorialOver the DivideRace for ShelbyMore scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesEMD F7 in Great Northern ‘Empire Builder’ liveryFull ‘Empire Builder’ set, including sleeper cars, dining cars, passenger cars, coffee dormitory, dome coach, great dome lounge car, sleeper observation car and mail baggage car in Great Northern ‘Empire Builder liveryEMD GP9 in Great Northern liveryGreat Northern box car, caboose and reefer freight wagonsQuick Drive compatibleScenarios for the Marias Pass routeDownload size: 470mb"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"362"	"721711"	"How to Fool a Liar King - Insert Song \"Issho ni\""	2017-10-20	3.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentInsert song of the game \"How to Fool a Liar King\". All music files are in  in MP3(320kbps), FLAC (44.1kHz/16bit) and FLAC (88.2kHZ/24bit).Tracks1. \"Issho ni\" performed by Myana (Yuriko Yano)2. Issho ni (Karaoke ver.)3. Issho ni (Short ver.)Files1. Lyrics+Translation (pdf)2. ReadmeDLC Save FolderYou can find the files by right clicking the game title at the right side, and choosing the game properties > local files> Shows local files > find a folder called \"insertsong\" inside.CreditSong: Myana (Yuriko Yano)Lyric & Music: no.real"	"I did bought OST and they are in MP3... Will you release them in lossless?,i know this one just came out, and i love it.but will there be a next one?(no pressure just asking)Update: i backed the new one.it sounds awesome can't wait to play it,Dear developers, will there be Russian for this game?,Do you planning to add russian language? I could help in translation, if you need it.,Thank to author for the wonderful story."
"363"	"731960"	"The Ghost of Joe Papp, Charity Scene Pack: When Starter Met Shakespeare"	2018-04-13	0.99	"Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentWant to know how Shakespeare ended up in Joe Papp? Then this short scene is for you!To play:- At the start, pick the WATCH A PLAY OPTION.- The scene will play once Starter ends up in Shakespeare's study."	"Begins at 10am PST.Joe Papp starts on the 16th.,Are there any hidden achievements besides the following three?- Finish the game as Scott- Finish the game as Molly- Watch the playBecause I can't unlock the final achievment (which is to get all achievements?)Cheers.,https://store.steampowered.com/app/828760/Paper_Shakespeare_RPG_Saga_of_the_Five_KingdomsHopefully/probably not our only RPG in development for next year, but certainly our most experimental. It feels good to be going back to the role playing game genre again. Why hand-drawn? Because. Well, really, because it continues the storyline that we set up with the very first Paper Shakespeare, but more importantly, [spoilers]. We wanted to fully explore the stick figure version of the Shakespeare dimensions that inhabit the universe that both Paper Shakespeare and Army of Tentacles reside in. It'll most likely be $4.99, with no real set release date yet.,Is there any romance?,PATCH v1.21 ALTERED: Credits image ALTERED: Credits file"
"364"	"993530"	"Codename Nemesis"	NA	NA	"Action,RPG,Indie"	"About This GameCodename Nemesis is an indie, top down, action RPG set in a Noir themed world with cult action-movie styled cinematic and graphics straight out of the early 90's era.Follow the story of Sam, a small time hired hit who gets framed alongside his colleague, Neil, for the assassination of their boss, a powerful crime-lord. With every goon in the city wanting both of them dead, Sam takes upon this journey to find Neil to keep him from harm's way and eventually face his ultimate nemesis.Key Features:Immersive Story-line.Movie styled in game cut-scenes with cheesy dialogues.Striking, Old 90's video games styled graphical extravaganza.70's era urban themed RPG environment.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:Language: Profanity in dialogues during some cut-scenes. (Option to turn on censor bleep available)Alcohol & Tobacco: Reference of consumption of alcohol and smoking depicted by characters in game and cut-scenes.Violence: Mild violence."	""
"365"	"329190"	"Volo Airsport"	2014-12-04	0.99	"Early Access,Indie,Action,Simulation,Sports,Early Access,VR,Flight"	"Reviews“At one point last night, while chasing contours on the new Alpine map, I actually found myself wiping a tear from my eye.”Rock Paper Shotgun,About This GamePlease note: Development of Volo Airsport is discontinuedWe thank you wholeheartedly for your support, encouragement, and feedback over the course of Volo's development. We’ve built a game that we’re still quite proud of, and we couldn’t have done any of it without you. We also hope to see you again in our next journey - whatever that might be.------------------------Take to the skies and fly past mountains in a wingsuit. Try to hug the cliffs at over 250 km/h or cruise at high altitudes and admire the scenery.Your body and gear are fully physically simulated. You fly by controlling your character's muscles directly, which changes your pose, which interacts with the air around you. You can see, hear, and feel every gust of wind as you pass it.The current version already has a lot to play around with:A single, finely tuned wingsuit to fly withCustomizable parachutesA huge landscape inspired by the Swiss and French Alps, with lots of lines to tryDynamic time and weather that is also completely customizableMultiple camera perspectives (including first-person view)Highly configurable graphics and input settingsTime Trials that push your skills to the limitGamepad or Joystick recommended!"	"Posted: July 5, 2017Early Access ReviewDEAR DEVELOPERS,I'm so sorry to learn that you have now permanently discontinued the development of this game.I'm also surprised that you are continuing to sell this game on Steam without any clear indication or notice to your prospective customers that this game will never be completed!What are the possibilities that the developers (past tense now) will, at the very least, release modding code to the community.That way, at least those of us who invested our money and our hopes in you and this game, will be able to get something closer to a finished / complete product.i.e. allow the community to produce...•  Character Skins     (devs should have at least updated the skin a long time ago).•  Terrain Maps     (devs should have at least added to the one game map a long time ago).•  Adjustable Map Vertical Scaling•  Abilty to add in-game Targets and Obstacles•  and everything else we'd love to see added to the game!In general, allow the modding community to do what it does best - enrich and improve upon (well, sometimes!) what is already in any base game.I hope you do respond to this and give those of us who invested in you and your game some final hope and good news.Thank you for creating a great product...  albeit, now destined never to be completed by its developers.[ Final point:   When the game was still being developed, I would have gladly recommended it as it had so much potential.  But, now that the game is destined never to be completed, Steam only gives me one other review option - 'Not Recommended'. ],Posted: April 17, 2016Early Access Review***Review Update: 4th June 2017 ***...and now they have officially QUIT......  totally LAME***Review Update: 14th May 2016 ***TL:DR  Neutral Rating, as of the release 3.6  - Their video shows you all you need know about Volo!This is the first update I've ever experienced since buying this Early Access piece (Nov '15), so stick with me...Firstly, as of this point, 20 out of 21 people found this review helpful.  Worth keeping in mind as it is rated as *Negative*.  I've kept my original review below as it is worth reading through the chain of comments that sparked off, due to my unhappiness, and the responses involved thereafter (10th Apr - 10th May).  To my surprise, the developers were not, as suspected by me, camped out in a bar, but are indeed still working on this project, perhaps with renewed vigour.  Who knows?So, reviewing this again since I've had time to re-play and re-test.  It's definately more stable.  Actually, a lot more.  I regulary had to 'force quit' the previous version as it hung during loading about 50% of the time.  This one for me, had never failed to start since it came in and I've been in and out of it maybe 20 times so far.As for the content change itself, I was hoping for something more significant than a few shacks and hated wind turbines dotted around as eye candy.  However, we are still promised parachutes and multiplayer.  No mention of more map choices as yet, but I'll be keeping an eye out for update news snippets for future possibilities of worthiness.  The sound output has also changed from being active, to passive.  I can't tell anymore just how close I was skimming past surfaces.  Something I loved.  Instead, now it sounds like a flag fluttering at 15mph no matter how close I get  to a virtual surface.  Oh, and there's dynamic grass now!  A nice touch for when you do eventually hit the deck at high speed, but \"Mehh\"Why have I rated this as Neutral?  Purely for the following reason.  I would recommend this, but for the lack of proof.  Proof of commitment and fervour.  One released update in 6 months dosen't do them justice.My ultimate recommendation then, is to watch and wait.  Stick it on your wishlist, or follow it.  See for youself if it's worth bothering with in a few months time, or set your own timescale as I can't even guestimate what will happen next with this project.  Perhaps take a chance and buy it if you've got the cash to spare.  To help them out and all that......****Original Review Below****Early Access..  Pahh..    ...Should read \"Early Abandonment\"Don't bother with this.  After 6 months of complete silence from the (dare I use the word) devs, my feeling is that you'll just end up feeling robbed while they pocket your cash.    ...Unless some crazy update happens, this review will remain to help guide people away from this as an investment of faith.  6 months ago, I had faith they would pull through and took a chance as there are just 2 people working on this.  As of today, I have every faith that they've abandoned this project and set up camp at a bar.I can barely manage 5 mins a day in it's current state as it just gets boring after a while,Posted: March 20, 2016Early Access ReviewUPDATE: More than two years since I bought the game, it has literally added nothing new in terms of content (it literally has minimal to no content at all even now). The developers seem to spend all their time and effort in making v-logs that they promise stuff that they never actually do. And to further prove my point, here is what the... developer said a year ago and I quote (and then guess what they actually did of the promised things below... that's right, nothing. No multiplayer, no replacing of the fake stick-man):\"Frank Versnel [developer] 20 Apr, 2016 @ 2:57pm Hi there,I understand your concern with the lack of updates and we apologize for it. It's been a rough few months in which we had to deal with many technical issues. Nevertheless I would like to let you know that we did not abandon this project. A new update is forthcoming this week after which we will continue our work on multiplayer and finding a 3D modeller that will help us replace the character.Best regards,Frank\" ORIGINAL REVIEW:Taken from the game's early access description: \"“We have a rough idea on where we want to go with the game, but what the final game will look like, we simply don't know yet!\". This is one more case of what I like to call \"Early access trap\". You pay 13 euros for a game that promises that one day some content might be included in the game, but 1,5 years after I first bought it they barely have introduced anything to the game. Stay away from it.P.S.: Wtf is wrong with people these days? I see positive reviews for a game they barely update, while I see negative reviews on games that update every 3-4 months claiming \"the updates take too long\". IN THIS GAME THERE ISN'T ANY SERIOUS UPDATE.,Posted: December 14, 2014Early Access ReviewWe need a proximity flying game, glad to finally see this hit Steam.  Simple, beautiful, challenging. If you are a fan of skydiving or proximity flying this is the game for you, its almost like you can feel and hear the power and force of the air gusts shoving you around.  Nothing beats ripping down a cliffside at 135mph and just one little mistake can be fatal.  The game's physics and mechanics are amazing, the controls are well done and playing with a controller is key.  You actually fly through simulated air pockets, lifts, and gusts while cruising at speeds of 100 to 160 + mph just feet above the ground...well that is the way I like to fly anyways.  The beauty of this game is the map is open, drop in from one of the various spawns some simulating base jumps others simulating jumping out of a helicopter.  Really well done little game how it stands right now, something new finally.   Its early access, meaning not much content small in size around 150mb.  Do not let that discourage you from buying this game, Volo Airsport has a lot of potential here.  Can't wait to see whats in store for the future. A few things I hope to see in the future:ReplaysDifferent outfits, \"wingsuits\"Custom spawn pointsCreate your own custom runs placing rings where you want themNew mapsAbility to parachute at the endMultiplayer \"usually not a fan a MP games, but this one would be fun with other players\"Map Editor,Posted: May 13, 2015Early Access ReviewWelcome to your playground in the sky.Volo Airsport is an extreme sports simulator/action game developed by Ramjet Anvil that is currently available through Steam Early Access. In Volo Airsport you take to the skies as a humble stick man sporting a wing-suit, whether you wish to go proximity flying right up against a ravine or wish to fly high above the world and take in the beautiful views you're gonna have fun with Volo. Despite being available to buy through Early Access for a few months now and being available even before that (DRM-Free) there's not a lot to do right now though from their website it's clear to see that Ramjet Anvil are working on some cool things which will only make the game better. +Good graphics combined with a fair bit of graphical customisation+A unique idea of flying around in wing-suits, obviously this has appeared in some games before but there's never been a full game based around it+Great flight physics which feel realistic+If you so wish you are able to have a predicted trajectory displayed on screen as well as aerodynamic forces (independent of each other) as well as the usual stuff like airspeed indicators and altitude displays+Four different camera angles+Very relaxing to play+The map currently available is quite large but it's smaller than it looks due to there being extremely strong winds which stop you flying that way+VR Support. Now this is something I usually wouldn't care about as I don't really like VR but Volo has actually made me want to get an Oculus just for the first person camera mode flying right up against the ravines+Challenging time trial events+Has a built in time trial course editor for you to make your own courses which can then be shared with other people+Good controls (360 controller, unsure about Keyboard) which include some cool moves for your character, such as curling up into a ball+The HUD can be disabled, allowing you to take some great screenshots of the game world+Great soundtrack which adds to the relaxing feel of the game+Friendly dev(s)-Currently only one map-As mentioned there's not too much to do right now-Shadows are a tad glitchy in first person-It's been a while since there was an update on progress or an actual, downloadable update for the game but it is a very small team with limited resources so it's to be expectedHere's a short gameplay clip I recorded:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=442135141Verdict:8Volo Airsport, while lacking in content, is a fun and relaxing wing-suit game with good graphics, great physics and an interesting concept. If you're an Oculus owner or just someone who enjoys taking a relaxing flight through the skies in a game then this is not one to pass up on.***This review was written using a key provided by the Developer of review purposes***El K.,Posted: December 5, 2014Early Access ReviewAn amazing game! It's still in early access, so it's a bit rough on the edges. But otherwise, a fantastic game which I recomend to all! A controller is recomended, however you can still play with keyboard and mouse. Overall a fantastic game!,Posted: December 7, 2014Early Access Reviewit is pretty impressive to play it with the oculus dk2. hopefully there will be enough people who like this kind of game, to make sure you keep working at it and improving it. i would love to see the game in a final version. best wishes for your success.maybe a little bit expensive for the beginning ;) but if you really add the planned improvements, it will get worth every cent twice (probably a total grammar fail :D sorry for my bad english :)100% recommending this as an early access game,Posted: December 21, 2014Early Access ReviewIn this game you play as a man that is stuck in an endless loop of flight and death. Everytime he dies, he must fly again, only to blast into the ground at 180 kmph. He does some tricks on the way down, barrel rolls, backflips, enough to get the adrenaline flowing. I can only hope that the rush is enough to dull the pain.All jokes aside however, this is definately the best proximity wingsuit flying game to date. Well optimized, handles great with a controller. I am truly exited to see how this game turns out.,Posted: December 5, 2014Early Access ReviewA good game concept that is well done and worthy of attention.,Posted: July 6, 2016Early Access ReviewGame is unplayable on the Vive. Tried both with a 980 gtx and 1080 gtx with same results, frame loss all over the place. The devs have been aware of the issue since May and no fix in sight and no further response on the issue. Stay well clear of this if you have a Vive"
"366"	"360095"	"Fantasy Grounds - D&D Druid Class Pack"	2015-04-07	5.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie,Turn-Based,Fantasy,Software,Party-Based RPG,Utilities,Dungeons & Dragons"	"About This Content*This product is included in the D&D Player's HandbookA druid is a priest of the Old Faith, wielding the powers of nature--moonlight and plant growth, fire and lightning--and adopting animal forms.Players purchasing this module can use it to create characters offline and bring those characters into games with any Dungeon Master (DM). Dungeon Masters who own this product can allow players to access it while they are connected to the DM by using the sharing option built into Fantasy Grounds. The players will no longer have access to the reference material upon disconnecting from the DM unless they also own the module.This Module Includes18 additional fantasy character portraits taken from various official D&D sourcesThe class description from the Player's Handbook for the druid classDetails and features from levels 1-20 for a druid characterAutomatic addition of new class features when you drag the druid class link to your character's level summaryDrag and drop features that can be referenced during playAccess the entire druid spell list and drag them to your character sheet for access during playRequirements: The 5E Ruleset and the D&D Character Customization Pack."	"Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 3: Forge of the Giant GodPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068610Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 2: The Hill Giant's PledgePublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068550Pathfinder RPG - Giantslayer AP 1: Battle of Bloodmarch HillPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1065600Midgard Heroes HandbookPublisher:  Kobold PressSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1068710Odds & Ends, Volume 16Publisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Token Packhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072630Masters and MinionsPublisher:  Indie PublishersSystem:  5E CompatibleType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1072230,Can we upgrade Classic to Unity on Steam after the launch?Or only by the Kickstarter?,D&D Legacy of the Crystal ShardPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/436250D&D Waterdeep: Dragon HeistPublisher:  Wizards of the Coast System:  D&D fifth editionType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/875070AAW Map Pack Vol 4Publisher:  AAW GamesSystem:  Generic Add-onsType:  Map Modulehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/505510Beasts of Legend: Boreal BestiaryPublisher:  Legendary GamesSystem:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Accessoryhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/548770,Pathfinder RPG - Iron Gods AP 4: Valley of the Brain CollectorsPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Rulesethttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1067710Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 3: Tempest RisingPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051680Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 2: Raiders of the Fever SeaPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1051650Pathfinder RPG - Skull & Shackles AP 1: The Wormwood MutinyPublisher:  Paizo Inc.System:  Pathfinder RPG and D&D 3.5/ OGLType:  Adventurehttps://store.steampowered.com/app/1037060,Posted: May 1Product received for freeWhilst this review is an overall positive, I do not recommend the standard edition of the game (which this review is based on)Tabletop games are often touted as \"dead\". Succumbing to the onslaught of imagination and challenge that exists in the digital realm. Yet this is largely overstated. After all there is something compelling in one's own invention and the freedom and flexibility that lies behind imagining a complex reality with others. Fantasy Grounds and other digital table-top games of its ilk try to bridge a gap between the convenience of the digital to the freedom of the social. As Gary Gygax puts it:\"The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.\"ProsFlexible board that allows for instant calculations as well as user inputEasy to arrange statistics and quest notes to keep track of relevant informationSelf-customizable Offers visual assistance in combat without heavy investment of miniatures, maps and tokens.Support for a wide variety of roleplaying systemsActive and supportive communityConsCustomization requires some knowledge of programmingIf loading too much information for a campaign it does hog up RAMNo ingame voice/video chat (still reliant on alternative chats for online play)Will require additional purchases if not prepared to invest significant time setting out rulesFantasy Grounds is one of those systems that does take awhile to learn due to its complexity, but the payoff is vastly worth it. Whilst other systems may be easier to grasp initially they struggle to offer the flexibility that Fantasy Grounds does. Its useable for both long distance play as well as an accessory to ordinary face to face play as an easy way to keep track of events, and other minutiae of role-playing.That said, the complexity, isn't really from the UI which is pretty easy to understand to anyone familiar with character sheets, in fact the whole experience as a player is fairly intuitive. It's when you're DMing or campaign writing that the complexity becomes more apparent. It's easy enough to add in your own player character portrait. When you're creating a campaign though; with unique tokens, maps and a few additional house rules  it gets a LOT more tricky. Some of these tasks are easy enough to do after watching a few tutorials (adding your own token packs for instance) but changing the automation is much more difficult (when setting up house rules) and will require you to be familiar with some basic coding. So if you're a more inventive DM, then Fantasy Ground may just become your greatest nemesis rather than your favourite Munchkin or Rules Lawyer!The Fantasy Grounds community does alleviate this somewhat... there are a plethora of ways to acquire assistance, whether by using their discussion boards, youtube videos or community created guides... someone will likely have an answer for you or at least be able to help guide you to an answer. And whilst this isn't exactly reviewing the program it's rather important to stress that these options are available, as at some point you'll likely need some help troubleshooting. In addition for the time constrained DM, the option to purchase campaigns, rulebooks etc. (all fully licensed by the original publishers) is another positive and can be done via Steam or Fantasy Grounds store. This does make Fantasy Grounds the MOST expensive option though... however this is juxtaposed since you'll formally own that content, as opposed to the subscription service from its competitors that means you don't really own anything.Creating campaigns and encounters is an absolute breeze though once you own content. Searchbars quickly allow you to set encounter levels, track NPCs and check on any associated stats. There are numerous subtabs for setting up alternative dialogues (for more engaging chats) and you can link to new events to quickly allow the story to progress, keeping your players engaged since you aren't fiddling around looking for papers!As a player the experience is equally fun. Having secret dialogues with NPC's (by using the switch languages feature in the text chat) allows for greater intrigue, hidden rolls still create suspense, and although I did miss the tactile sense of throwing dice, watching the virtual dice spin about the board and crossing fingers for a decent throw was still as enthralling in critical situations. The interesting thing though is having tried the free version (and the standard version) there were some difference as a player but not many... so as  a player I don't entirely recommend purchasing a standard edition to play, it's not really worth it. Quests are easy to follow and jotting down notes is easy enough directly on the screen with an ingame notepad. Following combat is great since maps and tokens complement the most tedious of encounters. No more stressing about flanking, or whether your fireball might not hit the enemies (or may hit your companions), everything is visualised and so far quicker to comprehend. It all boils down to allowing for far more actual role-playing with snarky one-liners not detracting from the combat process, giving both dramatists the chance to show of their cleverly planned monologues (not that the bugbear comprehends astral) and tacticians the chance to relish strategic combat that proceeds at a decent pace, whilst everyone takes their turn.As a DM the Standard edition doesn't allow you complete connectivity with your players either... you do need the \"Ultimate Upgrade\" to connect with players using the free version, so really the best option for a DM is going to be the Ultimate Edition with a few rulebooks attached, since you'd purchase those with the standard edition as well. On the whole if you're looking to be a GM/DM then the Ultimate Edition is definitely the way to go... despite the expense to set up though... and as  a GM you're bearing that cost alone, but at least it's not being forced onto your players, after all finding a good group is hard to do and you don't really want a reliable player excluded. This does come with one caveat, since the free \"demo\"version does only allow for basic rulesets.ConclusionFantasy Grounds Ultimate Edition is definitely the program to invest in if you're interested in hosting games whereas you should only look at purchasing the standard edition if you are going to play custom games.As a toolset Fantasy Grounds managed to streamline play (especially as a DM) which made for a far more engaging experience for the players. It is offset slightly by some of the complexity when finetuning your experience, but when left at the basics, still offers an intuitive and easy to grasp layout.NB: Fantasy Grounds does also offer a subscription service so you could always try it out for a month or two first before heavily investing in an outright purchase.Please follow our curator page, OCG Curations if you would like more recommendations.I received a copy for free via the curator connect program,Posted: April 30The Cadillac of virtual tabletops.,Posted: May 1Literally the worst UI I have ever seen.  Slow and counter-intuitive at almost every turn.  It doesn't matter at all how many features it has, I'm not going to spend dozens of hours watching youtube videos to figure it out just because the UI designer thinks they know better than everybody else.,Hi, folks. I love Fantasy Grounds. I've used many virtual tabletop software, and tough some have interesting features not found in FG, your software is superior in all other aspects. However, i find the prices a bit prohibitive (yeah...i know you have bee...,Hi i have looked at the Unearthed Arcana module and it says that Mystic and Artificer have been made into their own modules but i can not find them here on steam or on the Fantasy grounds website? Can any one link them to me or have they been totally remo...,All Standard and Ultimate editions now have a 2E ruleset which provides the game mechanics and allows you to enter all your own data. We now also have purchasable modules with pre-loaded official content for the Players Handbook, Dungeon Master Guide and ...,I just saw the new PF module and it kind of looks like I maybe able to play as a single player game?  I kind of looks like a text adventure rpg game from the screens.  Even if its clunky but possible I wouldn't mind.  Anyone remember the Traveler crpg f..."
"367"	"522750"	"Pankapu - Episode 2"	2017-09-20	6.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentPankapu: the Last Aegis delves deeper into Djaha’rell’s dreams to find Faith, the Last Aegis. Strong of this encounter, Pankapu reaches its full potential, switching in real time between three combat forms. Gangreyn, the Prince of Nightmares and its minions are still hindering the boy’s recovery. If you own Pankapu Prologue (or previously Episode 1), buy the Episode 2 to know the end of the story of Pankapu, and get a new Aegis to switch to: The Mage."	"Hi everybody,I played and finished Pankapu episode 1.Black Friday being here, I was thinking to check episode 2.As I see, epidose 2 is full price but the complete edition is cheaper than the episode 2 alone.If I buy the complete edition, can I keep ...,Well, from the steam global achievements, only about 2% give or take have done any of the expansion achievements. ONLY 2% !!!Which I think pretty much speaks volumes. either most haven't done the final act 1 boss as they still found it way too hard. Or,Hello , everyone!I love the game and I'm about to finish. However, I'm still missing a Mudjin in Thousand Squall Islets and I've lost count of how many times I replayed that area. Anyone know where the little on is hiding?,I'm stuck in chapter 4 now, and I an't go through that light columns. There's no hint about the final star ability, can someone help me?,Trying to fly through the stage and I can't progress to the right unless there's enemies on the screen or I'm constantly shooting / shifting forms.Do I need to verify my cache or reinstall the game?My save was pre-DLC obviously."
"368"	"831162"	"Idle Champions - Pseudodragon Familiar Pack"	2018-03-27	19.99	"Strategy,Action,Adventure,Free to Play,Indie"	"About This ContentFamiliars are NPCs that you can assign to certain tasks, such as levelling up Champions, clicking the monsters, or using ultimates. Depending on the assigned task, a Familiar will click a certain number of times per second/minute.In this pack:Pseudodragon Familiar3 Potions of Polish8 Potions of Specialization8 Epic Potions of Giant's Strength8 Epic Potions of Clairvoyance8 Epic Potions of Fire Breath8 Large Blacksmithing Contracts"	"It's a once-in-a-human-lifetime event: an acorn from the ancient Grandfather Tree will soon fall into the forest below. These acorns are among the holiest of relics, and a young Harper wizard has recruited the Champions to help them make the journey to recover this prize for Silverymoon.However, as the party makes their journey towards the Grandfather Tree, the very forest itself seems to fight their advance. Eladrin from the Feywild, the plane of Faerie, attack the party — and Drow from the Underdark soon show up as well...The Running, 2019 edition, introduces Spurt, the Kobold Inventor played by Chris Perkins on Critical Role, and brings back Catti-brie, Human Fighter and Companion of the Hall. Players will have until Monday, May 13th, 2019 at 12:00pm PDT, to unlock them!Official blog.[codenameentertainment.com],Only 2 pieces of gear. New hero buffs like a god.See screenshots below.,Today's update includes the thrilling finale to the Mists of Ravenloft arc in the Grand Tour of the Sword Coast campaign. Do you have what it takes to face down the vampire Strahd and rescue Barovia from his iron grip? If not, no worries - these adventures will be there when you're ready!After fighting their way countless undead, monstrosities, and horrors, the time has finally come for the Champions finish their journey in Barovia. It is time to storm Castle Ravenloft and face off against the vampire Strahd von Zarovich. Your final test awaits you...Note: You will need to complete the Grand Tour Adventure Backtracking through Barovia in order to access these new adventures.Official blog![codenameentertainment.com],MINIONSASSEMBLE! - 1 Gold Supply Chest https://www.twitch.tv/dnd,The start of spring is traditionally marked by a day of peace and rejoicing, featuring beautiful displays of flowers in celebration of Lathander, God of Spring and The Morninglord. Unfortunately for the town of Triboar on the Sword Coast, their celebrations are interrupted by the arrival of a githyanki raiding party... That's right, it's time for the Greengrass Y2 event!Greengrass 2 runs until Monday, April 22nd, 2019 at 12:00pm PDT. Our latest Year Two Event introduces Aila, the Storm Herald Barbarian and Hero of Aerois. It also brings back Nrakk, the Githzerai Monk!Check out more info on the official blog![www.codenameentertainment.com],With the Founder's Pack being retired, This month's prize is the Founder's Pack DLC. When the Force Grey, in the Lost City of Omu, decide to find the Soul Monger and explore the tomb, then entering into a hole that was hidden by old wood and stones and ...,HEARTSEEKERCRITS - 2 Gold Catti Brie chestshttp://twitch.com/dndThursdays, 1:00 pm PST,Posted: May 3Early Access ReviewAwsome game!,Posted: May 3Early Access ReviewIts a great game, fun and unlike most clickers gives alot of good reasons to play along instead of just letting time pass. If You like the worlds of dungeons and dragons this is a game for You,I post this, because it happened to me in their previous idle - crusaders. I really enjoyed that game... until the non-stop crusader hamster wheel became painfully apparent. Every event added another body, and while at first it was ok, every new body was ...,Posted: April 30Early Access Reviewn"
"369"	"794342"	"Rising Storm 2: Vietnam - Man Down Under Cosmetic DLC"	2018-03-07	7.99	"Strategy,Action,Massively Multiplayer,Indie,Simulation,Gore,Violent"	"About This ContentThat’s not a DLC… That’s a DLC! Unleash your inner battler with this set of dinky-di Australia-themed Customization options. Provides instant access to selected items normally accessed via leveling up for the Australians.Provides instant access to selected items normally accessed via leveling up for the Australian Army.Sweat Rag BandannaSlouch HatAussie Flag Pilot HelmetAussie Flag w/ Visor Pilot HelmetChevron MoustacheHorseshoe MoustacheSouthern Cross TattooAussie Flag TattooKangaroo Tattoo,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"https://forums.tripwireinteractive.com/forum/rising-storm-2-vietnam/rs2-vietnam-news-and-announcements/news-and-announcements-ag/2331324-update-1-3-builds-are-now-in-the-release-candidate-stageHello everyone!It has been awhile since we changed our plans for the now canceled Update 1.2.6 and the upcoming Update 1.3. Today we want to share with you some more details on what happened and what that means for the upcoming 1.3 build we know you are all waiting (mostly) patiently for!So what happened? In general terms, a change made to the game engine in the past few months was causing maps to break. This started out as custom maps (which we know many of you love, and if you haven’t checked out some of these amazing maps you should! Also did you know you can grab the great Green Army Men mod on the workshop as well? We strongly suggest you play it in the near future!) which was found when we started doing release candidate builds for Update 1.26.Hunting down the change that caused this took considerable time, and was really complex to fix, but the team is now moving ahead with release candidate builds for Update 1.3! This means the QA team has a “final” build and is doing checks on every major system in the game and as many minor systems that we feel may have been touched by code changes. This testing will take several days and will likely result in some back and forth builds as issues are found and fixed and new release candidate builds are generated.Our goal is to have Update 1.3 out by no later than mid May, based on the usual cadence of back and forth between QA and the rest of the team. As a reminder of some of the major changes in this build: 3 New Maps ApacheSnow DemilitarizedZone Saigon 3 New Weapons MAS-49 (3 variants) Molotov RP-46 New Leaning System Individual Class Customization Campaign Role and Weapon Balance changes And Vehicle Aiming Decoupling from the vehicle rotationWe thank you all for your patience and look forward to seeing your boots on the ground!Tripwire Interactive & Antimatter Games,give me a list or two,I first played Red Orchestra when it was a mod for UT2004.  I played the hell out of RO:Ostfront.  I hated the system in RO2 where your avatar gained ability over time, so I skipped that, and I think I've maybe played 3-4 rounds of RS1. At what point do...,Posted: May 4Fantastic game!,Posted: May 3I wanted to see exotic Vietnam... the crown jewel of Southeast Asia. I wanted to meet interesting and stimulating people of an ancient culture... and kill them. I wanted to be the first kid on my block to get a confirmed kill!,Posted: April 28Camping Storm 2: Vietnam,,On Tuesday, we mentioned that the 1.2.6 update would be delayed as the team ran in to technical issues with that content. After further review and investigation, the team has decided that the planned 1.2.6 update will instead roll in to the 1.3 update (which will contain all previously mentioned new maps).The goal at Tripwire and AMG is to always deliver updates that meet internal quality standards. If the teams are not satisfied on the quality of a soon to be published update then we know the community would be just as displeased. With that said, update 1.3 will be arriving in a few weeks time. We'll have more details to share with you as we approach the release date.We want to thank you, the community, for your continued patience and understanding. As such, we have activated the Double XP 'Shake n Bake' event for the weekend to express our gratitude.,Grass grows as you move.,Can we get someone with a real voice to tell the devs a lot of people want patrol boats guns or not,Hello rice warriors.I propose to add a pair of fragmentation grenades, which have a bold radius of scattering of fragments.Fragments cause bleeding.RGD-5 - Soviet pomegranate has been used since 1955, it has also been used in Avganistan.F-1 -Fren..."
"370"	"898130"	"Cube Racer - Founders Early Support Upgrade"	2018-10-15	11.99	"Action,Indie,Casual,Racing"	"About This ContentThis is an exclusive DLC for all supporters that bought the game somewhen.It is containing:Exclusive Skin for early supportersTwo exclusive HornsExclusive trail for cube"	"my game just keeps crashing it's so annoying am i the only one with this error,In the second Challenge under Hard, all the obstacles are invisible so I can't see how to avoid them and what areas can kill me. I did manage to beat it somehow, but not nearly fast enough to unlock the last hard challenge.I'm on Windows 10.,whenever I try to use the level editor, I can't fly around or rotate objects. Am I the only one experiencing this? How do I fix it?,Local multiplayer on Steam normally means \"couch multiplayer\" as in multiple players on one computer. From the description though it looks local is referring to LAN.I'm a \"couch multiplayer\" gamer myself so I have to ask since the game looks really fun ...,Does anyone know what the maximum number of players is for online multiplayer?"
"371"	"662330"	"Bio Soup"	2017-10-27	0.99	"Indie,Casual,Adventure"	"About This GameYou are the beginning of everything. Perhaps you are a cell, perhaps a microorganism or a bacterium. Who you are?Choose your way from the bacteria to a reasonable subspecies.Eat enemies, beware of those who are more than you.Develop your abilities, change your appearance and characteristics, in order to survive.Only you can become a rational being.-------------------------------------------------- ---Is waiting for you:- Several modes in the game: Evolution, Company.- 20 game levels infested with evil enemies- Large selection of customization- There are many bosses and enemies that will require you to snap and dexterity."	"Posted: July 2, 2018Product received for freeThe game starts with, “You were born to fight” followed by the player spawning in a clear fluid, along with algae and bacteria. It's basic survival and keeping the hunger meter up, as shown on the top right of the map. Regardless of which mode that you choose to play, they both basically have the same objective, but with one starting with less of a chaos than the other. The game gives no direction as to how to play, so I'll just explain it here: you eat algae, smaller bacteria, avoid larger ones that you can't consume, and keep evolving until you get to the shop. Then repeat. Nothing more happens after the first few levels, from what I've played so far.I’ve already disliked the lack of guide from the start, and the annoying effects the map has. You’ll notice the constant rain and splash overlay, making it harder to see what is on screen or where you are going. The controls are also pretty crap, considering the left/right direction can be easily swapped or mixed up partway through the game as you evade enemies that are bigger than you. Following with the lack of guidance and crappy effects, is the repetitive BGM, that goes on a loop of some Indie/Techno music.It’s difficult trying to find a great aspect of the game, when it was poorly done. I could go on about why this game is terrible, but I’ll leave it at that – Simply put, do not buy Bio Soup. Even the Achievements are effortless, as explained through the steam guides, such as this one.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1200149080,Posted: October 30, 2017Far worse than the 59 cents I spent on this game, I want my five minutes of wasted time back.This is nothing like the first level of spore, the controls are terrible and gameplay is limited.In five minutes I achieved all 26 achievements without intending to. I swam around and died once.,Posted: March 31, 2018I genuinely think I'd rather watch paint dry.,Posted: March 4, 2018- Tries to be like a cute spore but it fails miserably unfortunaly- It's not that bad but it gets tiring rather fastOverall - 2.1/10,Posted: October 27, 2017This is by far the worst rip off of spore. first of all you cant even customize the cell. and theres only two game modes. In the first game mode all you do is eat allergy and those green gas creatures, thats it. you can never stop moving all you can do is turn left or right and boost. in the second game mode called Evolution, you literly load in surrounded by enimies, and die within 5sec. not to mention this game was supossed to be relieced on the 13th of Oct. however it got posponed twice with no explanation. and they expect us to pay for this garbage.You cant do anything it shows in the videos, DON'T BY IT.,Posted: October 27, 2017Not an actual game. You unlocked all 26 achievements instantly, so safe to say the game was made purely for that purpose.\"Campaign Mode\" flat out doesn't work. No win condition from what I can tell to move onto the next level.The \"Evolution Mode\" is horrifically unbalanced, all the enemies spawn near the middle of the map, and you spawn in the middle as well, making surviving the first few seconds hard, even if you do live and escape the character moves too fast for you to be able to turn effectively, and the gameplay in general is very un-fun and unbalanced.Also the onscreen wet effect, while looks cool and really intrusive and distracting, getting in the way of gameplay.,Posted: January 1, 2018This Spore rippoff is just horrible. Most features announced in the game description are either not even in the game or simply not reachable.- Company mode seems to be totally pointless, you just swim around eating stuff until you get bored. You never evolve, there is no customization or development at all.- In evolution mode, which seems to be meant the mode with mentioned features, spawns you right inside a filled screen of enemies. Longest time I ever survived was about 5 seconds.- windowed mode captured the visible mouse cursor, resulting in it flickering around in the center of the window, very annoyingThis is absolutely not worth its money.,Posted: November 29, 2017This game is exceedingly bad. One mode where you just float around picking stuff up, and one where you literally just spawn in a soup of sprites and die instantly.,Posted: August 2, 2018Pretty lazy stuff. Visually is Ok but there's nothing happening here other than a thing eating things. No instructions and the controls are kinda annoying. You can gain all the achievements doing basically nothing for a few minutes and that's it.This is not a time-waster, this is a waste of time.,Posted: July 21, 2018silly little game with no point and broken achievements"
"372"	"542200"	"Animal Lover"	2017-02-14	9.99	"Simulation,Casual,Indie,Visual Novel,Otome,Romance,Female Protagonist,Dating Sim,Nudity,Sexual Content"	"About This Game\"Animal Lover is a comedic triumph of a visual novel [...]\"-Candice Shane, Loot Crate\"...the only romance game I’ve played that has made me cry.\"-Kurosama Reviews\"This game knows how to make you laugh, but it will also break your heart.\" -Chloe Spencer, Kotaku\"Not a bad time, I've definitely played worse.\"-Generalized summary of the Steam reviewsAnimal Lover is a dating sim/visual novel where you will play a young woman trying to cure five beefy, attractive men from being turned into animals forever! Woah! It's funny, it's sad, it's weird! It's got cute boys! What else does it have going on?Unique brand of comedy! A grounded, heart-felt and well-received story!Characters with >30 visible emotions!>150,000 words!Original soundtrack including both electronic and acoustic tracks!No furries! Don't let the title fool you!Simulates the act of dating!Comedy! Romance! Drama! Mystery! Animal Lover!"	"Posted: August 7, 2017What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature. - VoltaireBacked by a small populace, developed by a trio of people who makes up the whole team of Trainwreck Studios and coming into heavily Asian dominated market of otome games during February this year, Animal Lover is one of the best in the genre in means of realistic interaction, narrative and character build that I've ever encountered. It is refreshing enough to encounter an indie otome game developed by an American Team, but the product itself ended up well beyond my expectations.Our protagonist is an ordinary Jane named Lucy - or whatever you decided to call her. She is interning at a local vet clinic before college during her soon to be the longest summer ever. As Lucy has been receiving messages for the doctor, a small girl and her mother appear with a hamster cage, which includes the sweet, tiny rodent. While picking up the animal Lucy absentmindedly kisses it, which results the little guy instantaneously turning into a charming, handsome young man! As the family flees away in terror, Lucy manages to hide this weird man from the doctor. So, this is how she meets Edmund - the first of quite a many endearing fellow a witch once cursed with animal forms. She and Edmund start looking around town to recruit other unfortunate transmuted souls to eventually find a permenant way to break their curse. In the meanwhile, Lucy and all these fine gentlemen become some sort of an involuntary family, having moments grand, absurd and heart wrecking all together. At the end of the summer, nothing will be the same for either Lucy or any of her beaus.Intriguing? Yeah, but the scenario isn't the best part of this whole lovely chaos. Both the atmosphere and characters themselves are exceedingly well-written, containing genuine character depth, with flaws, eccentricities, insecurities, endearments, hobbies, philosophies and quirks. These boys are not your stereotypical charming princes, or dangerous bad boys. They do not fit into stereotypes. You can feel that they are real people with backgrounds, worries and character traits in every sentence coming from them. None of them are exceedingly pretty or unrealistically head over heels in love with the protagonist either. Sure, the game is an otome but the flirting doesn't dominate the whole game like many other games in the market. As the storyline itself proceeds, you witness your relationship with the man of your choice improve naturally. It's as if you getting together with one of these guys is not the aim, but a pleasant side effect of all these absurd chain of events - which is ten thousand times more realistic compared to any Asian otome I've seen in the market. In the same way, our protagonist is not the surrealistically perfect Barbie doll with dubious choices and questionable taste in men which we commonly encounter in the otome genre. Lucy is down to earth, smart, and realistic. She has her nervous moments, her principals and her own quirks. She isn't portrayed as a super sexy or ephemeral beauty. She is ordinary looking, short for her age and even chubby. She is one of the most realistic female leads that I've ever seen in this genre.If there is one thing that didn't satisfy me in this game, it was the limited number of artworks. Sure, character sprites were really various in expressions, but there were only 2 CGs per route - which is a tad bit limited for my taste. Still, artwork not becoming a medium of fan service in an otome was refreshing. All characters involved are cute enough, but not fairytale depictions of some tropes. It was all sweet and appropriate for the tone of the game.Can I say anything else at this point? Nah, not really. The game is worthy of the full price with the amount of fun you are getting and the playtime you will be putting into this one. The hamster, the cat, the ferret, the dog or... the bear! Pick whichever you like, I bet they'll surprise you in good, bad and dazzling ways. This one comes with flying recommendations!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator page here - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!,Posted: February 22, 2017I've always enjoyed the writing in western VNs a tad more than their Japanese counterparts, mostly due to the male/female dynamic being more believable to a western girl like me.  Having characters who talk, act and feel real is incredibly important, no matter the gender, and that's why I love Animal Lover so much.  Sure, the story is fantastically silly, but the characters Trainwreck Studios created are all people I've come to love, even the ones I was sure I'd hate on first glance.  Animal Lover is one of the most well-written VNs I've read in a LONG time. Granted, the plot isn't complex or deep, and things start off slow in the beginning, but the characters are amazing. Each guy has his own unique and distinct personality, and watching them interact with each other and the MC is pure joy. In the short time I've spent in game, I feel like I know them personally; and having come to the end of my journey with the gang, I'm heartbroken with how much I'm going miss them all. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=865841921That's to say nothing of the humor which is absolutely hilarious. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard reading a VN before (the Truth or Dare hot tub scene is comedy gold). That doesn't mean things don't get serious, and some pretty heavy themes are worked in towards the end, but it's all good stuff. The romance isn't overblown either. Some may think it's a little light on feels, but once the relationship between Lucy and her guy starts blossoming, it's really sweetly done. I'd go far as to say this is one of the few otome titles that may be just as enjoyable for guys as it for us girls as the characters are so well developed that there's plenty to relate to even if you're not of the female persuasion. And then there's Lucy, who's probably my favorite otome protagonist to date.  She's smart, funny, caring, and courageous (even though she may be scared as heck), but most of all, she's realistically feminine.  No, she's not going to let these guys walk all over her, but she's not too hardened to be the  emotional anchor they need, and I find that lovely.   She's also not a pixie with a 2 inch waist!  It's about damn time, y'all!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869114993The game isn't perfect, however. I'd have loved a few more CGs, as the 2 per route is on the skimpy side. It's not a deal breaker as the writing more than makes up for it, but a little more artwork would have been appreciated. It's also a bit short, taking only 17 hours to fully complete (and I'm a slow reader), but those 17 hours were so enjoyable that I'm really not complaining, I just want more time with these guys cause I love them so damn much. My biggest gripe is the Skip function, which is buggy and a pain to work with. You have to be careful with its use or you run the risk of skipping right on past unread dialogue even though everything is set correctly in the options. Most of the game is common route, so you're not likely to miss too much, but it's still a hassle making sure you don't end up skipping past certain key scenes where major dialogue changes occur (the date chapter, Edmund's intervention, and the final confrontation with Aadara). Still, I'll take that bit of frustration over not experiencing the game at all.Small issues aside, I cannot express enough how much I love Animal Lover.  It may not be THE perfect VN, but the characters it's given me places it high on my list of favorite otome games.  The price may be a little daunting, especially for a visual novel, but I promise you the amount of entertainment you'll receive from this gem is more than worth the cost of admission.NOTE: I was a Kickstarter backer, so my review doesn't count towards the average game rating since I received a key for it. BUT I indeed paid for my copy, no backyard shenanigans going on here!Curated by: Otome Rakuen,Posted: June 27, 2017I did not expect to like this game as much as I did. The art style is not my thing and this type of 'animal turns to handsome man' story has been done quite a few times, but I still had tons of fun!I went through the story in one sitting, it was fast paced; sometimes funny, sometimes sad, but overall always entertaining.The main heroine never annoyed me, which is a huge plus. The guys you might like more or less depending on your type, but they work great as a group and you will enjoy their little argues and interactions.My only small gripe with this game, is that there are no real character routes, you just pick a few options and get your scenes and ending, but there is no real plot twist depending on which guy you pick. I say, if you are considering the game, give it a try, its really worth it :),Posted: February 18, 2017Animal Lover is easily my favourite English VN. Not because it has an ingenious plot or some sort of breakthrough on the technical side--both of those are pretty average and have their flaws, actually. What shines in this game are the characters. From their designs (can I just love how diverse their faces and body types are???) to their personalities and backgrounds and dialogue, everything makes them feel genuine and well-rounded. I swear, I came to this game for the fun and memes, and was completely swept off my feet by these stupid, funny, cute, INCREDIBLY LOVEABLE CHARACTERS. And because I loved these ♥♥♥♥♥♥s so much, rather than listing \"cons\" to the game, I'll call them \"suggestions\". My suggestions for improvement are:- Some lines of dialogue are said twice in a row with very minor changes in wording. I assume that's because they were in the \"common\" part of the route, but also inserted onto the specific scenario that followed whatever choice you just made. It didn't happen that much, but it felt really off. Maybe it would be better to just erase the \"common route\" line and tweak wording a wee bit for each character route.- Speaking of which, there are a few instances in which your guy of choice says something, and that something is THE EXACT SAME for every single guy. I think it would be better to change this a little to match each character's voice and personality more--for instance, it is very strange, to me, seeing Frankie and Miguel word something the exact same way in their respective routes. Because besides their mannerisms, their views are also quite different. Some guys are more sensible or insightful than others, so seeing them all make the exact same comment at one point feels strange.- A couple more CGs would be nice. For instance, maybe we could get one when Lucy goes out with her current guy during \"Alone Time\". The art in this game is lovely and I really wish we could get more of it.- More route-specific interaction would be great! Maybe just one or two more occasions to hang out, or a few more conversations Lucy could have with her guy of choice, etc. I feel like there isn't that much emphasis on the particular character you're going for, as most of the game is still \"common route\", and this makes the romance feel a little rushed.- IT'S TOO SHORT!! Okay, you guys may think my playtime [EDIT: which was 12 hours by the time I wrote this review, but I then re-played it] is enough for a visual novel, but trust me, IT'S DEFINITELY NOT. And I know this was released just this week, but I REALLY REALLY HOPE the devs eventually decide to release some sort of DLC, sequel, fandisk, WHATEVER. Just some more material with these guys (and Lucy, because she's an excellent MC), because I honestly haven't gotten enough of them and will gladly throw my money at whatever the devs come up with involving the same cast.Bottom line: this is an excellent game because of its funny dialogue; endearing, well-written characters; and lovely relationships (not just between MC and the guys, but also the friendship that the boys develop). Most definitely recommend it.,Posted: December 29, 2017I love this visual novel. A must play/read for any VN fan.It may seem to be a little off putting by seeing animals, but it's only about dating the men who were animals. Not dating the animals. Anyway, the story of why and how each of them were changed was very interesting. And the music is fun and relaxing, until Kyle showed up, and another character. Plus, it does a good job in keeping you invested in learning the truth of it all.Yet, I found after I played through one route completely, I mainly just skipped through everything to get the other route's endings. Which made it not as good as going through it the first time. It just didn't seem like there was much of any extra content between the routes. Just a few different conversations. But it was still good to play through the first time, and then kinda annoying to get the other endings and achievements.Though the cannon ending/route, as the achievement called it, isn't really my fav. Edmund's was my fav, and the first route I did. Kyle's ending, and the cannon ending, was still interesting, but not as sweet as Edmund's. At least in my opinion. Oh and Aadara is a real b***h. Yet it is still probably one of my favourite VN's. Really enjoyed it.8/10 would fall for a man who was an animal for a while, all over again :),Posted: April 20, 2017I need to get up in five hours and I just spent the last thirty minutes telling myself 'just one more scene'. I'm not even through an initial playthrough, never mind actively trying to hook up with anyones route and I desperately don't want to sleep so I can finish this general read through.Then maybe try for my favorite guys route. Okay favorite couple of guys...did I say couple? I legit don't think I can actually choose between the five of them. Oh sure, there are definitely some I favor more then others as my 'type' (Frankie and Miguel being the kind I usually go for) but in all honestly I love them all, flaws and all and the interpersonal dynamic, personality quirks and all the side characters. I love them all.I got this dirt cheap on sale in its first bundle and hands down the price I paid (roughly 75% off) more then covers the cost. Even if I end up never reading anything else out of that bundle, even if I end up not liking the ending or not enjoying the actual romantic routes, the personal enjoyment I've gotten after a few hours more then covers what I paid.If nothing else I'm looking forward to this companies next release and I doubt I'll hesitate to buy it full price if it's even half as endearing as Animal Lover is. 10/10 Would cheer on awesome default Sue, her friends and all the beautiful beast boys any day of the week. Obviously I'll edit this with new commentary if something derails into a fiery ball of awful that's visible from space, but honestly, it'd take something truly mind numbingly awful like prolonged torture scenes or multiple chapters of unrelenting abuse to make me believe this wouldn't end enjoyably. BRB gotta pay the sleep dude his pittance, run errands and then use a random number generator to figure out who to choose for my first active romance. I highly recommend if you enjoy amusing, if slightly vulgar, dialog, personalities and sometimes soapboax leaping, but overall entertaingly fleshed out characters and group dynamics. ,Posted: April 22, 2017Pros:- hilarious writing - ignore the screencaps, they picked the most generic lines for some reason- a capable protag with an actual personality (if you've played otome games, you know how rare that is)- romance is not the sole focus, you get to be friends with everyone- art style: I initially thought this would be a negative, but it really matches the writing styleCons:- it doesn't LOOK worth the price (but IMO it is)- few CGs, no gallery- some typos, but they're very few and far between- some choices aren't very clear, and some boil down to the same thing (this didn't bother me though, it's mostly used for comedic effect),Posted: October 27, 2017Product received for freeSomeone gifted me this game, now I'm gay. 10/10,Posted: February 10, 2018Pros:+Interesting story that doesn't get you bored easily (at least the first time you play it)+Likable characters+It seemed like it had a pro-feminist message but without turning misandrist. I love feminist stories but I get annoyed when they're sometimes too anti-male. This one seemed like it had a nice balance of being pro-feminist but without demonizing the guys. Cons:-Almost no replay value. All routes are pretty much the same and the only thing that changes is the guy you end up with.-Most choices you make don't even really matter.-I wasn't a huge fan of the art style. -Despite the tag, the game actually has no sexual content. There are better visual novels out there, but it's still decent if you have nothing else to play.,Posted: January 30, 2018I really don’t know how to even begin reviewing this game, so... here goes nothing, I guess!  I really loved this game.  Absolutely, positively LOVED it!   I love the soundtrack.  I adore the art!  And each character is so unique in their character design.  I love all of the characters in this game.  Every single one!  Even the “villain.”  I love them all.  The creators of this game just made awesome characters and made them feel so alive!  So real.  It’s awesome when you find a game like this one where the characters in the story are just so well done and well-rounded and yeah… I can’t say enough about how awesome the characters in this game are.  And I really do love them all, which is also rarer.  I mean, you usually don't like at least one character in a game for some reason or another, but not this one!  Or at least not for me.The game feels so casual and yet there’s still plenty of drama and humor... and some angst.  There is one point in the game that most definitely needs a TRIGGER WARNING included.  I’ll still put it behind spoilers for those who really, really don’t want anything spoiled…. but yeah… Kyle commits suicide.  It all turns out okay.  He comes back and is alive at the end, but yeah…  It’s really heart-wrenching and potentially triggering.  It was for me.  I absolutely fell apart when it happened.  For those of you who didn't read the spoiler, just be prepared going into Chapter Fifteen.  I wish I had known beforehand what was going to happen.  Like I literally had to stop playing the game because I was sobbing so hard and then was too scared to continue the game to see what happened next.  I mean, obviously, I completed the game, several times even to see each guy's route… I just thank the developers for Skip Mode because I just could not handle seeing that again.  Once was enough.  Anyway!  The game has great re-playability to see everyone’s story, but it’s a bit tedious.  Not a whole lot of the story itself changes, which makes back-to-back playthrough a bit of a chore, but finding out each guys’ story really is worth it.  Each story is so unique and really makes you feel for the guys.  And plus seeing how each guy’s love route plays out is nice, but I was equally as curious as to how each guy got cursed as to how the romance route would play out.  Each route is amazing!All in all, I give this game a million likes and thumbs ups and kudos and just… yeah, I love this game and recommend it to everyone!  (Just be aware of the trigger warning, seriously guys.)"
"373"	"256554"	"Class 31 Intercity Add-on Livery"	2009-01-01	4.99	"Simulation"	"About This Content*NOTE* This pack is available in the in-game store under the Marketplace tab.  You are strongly recommended to find the product there and make your purchase from within the game.In order to be able to use this add-on livery product, you MUST first own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on.  If you check in the in-game store it will verify if you own it before you purchase.British Railways’ ‘Pilot Scheme’ to replace steam traction saw 20 Type 2 diesel locomotives built by Brush Traction in 1957. These development locomotives were fitted with Mirrlees engines and had a top speed of 80mph, designed for mixed traffic workings on the Eastern Region. Midway through production, BR decided to extend the fleet, ordering a further 243 locomotives that entered service by the end of 1962. The main production locomotives were adapted slightly from their predecessors and underwent a programme of re-engineering in 1964 to replace the unreliable Mirrlees engines with higher rated, more powerful English Electric engines. The Class also made its way into other regions of the railway network, becoming a popular sight on both the Western and London Midland regions. This add-on livery pack presents the Class 31 in Intercity livery.You must own the BR Class 31 Loco Add-on before you will be able to use this add-on"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"374"	"505220"	"King of Spin VR"	2017-10-10	7.99	"Action,Casual,Simulation,Sports,VR"	"About This GameFace Shane Warne - The King of Spin!Have you ever wanted to face Warnie and show him what you're made of? Well now you can!Pad-up and stroll confidently to the square. Breath in the atmosphere, pick your guard and get ready to face the first delivery from bowling legend Shane Warne, and show him what you’re made of!King of Spin is a fun, pick up and play batting game for the HTC Vive where you can have a quick hit with your friends, or even simulate a full team in a one-day match innings, facing 50 overs at various difficulty from Shane Warne!Game Features:- Play single player against the man himself- Take turns and play with friends or family, from 2-10 players!- 4 difficulty modes allows you to practice, play easy, normal or go hard!- Play 1 over at a time, through to 50 overs, or play per Wicket!- The King of Spin's legendary deliveries: the Flipper; Wrongun; Slider; Zooter and more!Go on smash Warnie out of the park, you know you want to!"	"Posted: September 8, 2016Early Access ReviewTerrible!As a cricket fan, I was very excited to see this come to VR. Cricket defiantly as a sports game or simulation would suit VR mechanics well quite easily. However when i did finally get King Of Spin running, it was anything but cricket...Firstly, the ball physics don’t even come remotely close what it like in real life. The pace feels too slow on easy settings and in normal and hard feels more like a slow-medium pacer rather than a spinner. Another ridiculous example of how inaccurate the ball physics is the fact that nearly half the deliveries i faced were balls bouncing over my head! From a spinner! Maybe they confused Mitchel Johnson with Shane Warne. Have no idea how Warne himself could endorse a product like this.It's simply poorly polished and arcade style cricket physics. I got a feeling this was designed as a fun mobile phone app which they converted to VR without improving much and shipping it off... It's also quite buggy, incomplete (not even exit to menu buttons - have to close games each time), and it’s overpriced. This is 30 bucks and it’s an early access title, it’s one of the most expensive Vive titles available but what you get is simply rubbish.,Posted: September 7, 2016Early Access ReviewI was so excited to find a VR cricket game, I bought this as soon as it popped up in the store. A $30 game endorsed by Warnie, this looked like it could be something special! Well, it is, but not in a good way.If you've played cricket IRL this is not going to meet your expectations, no matter how low they might be. The balls do not appear to come from the bowler's hand, they just seem to materialise in front of him. The deliveries are impossible to follow until the ball is about halfway down the pitch, and the bounce and spin are unrealistic and completely unconvincing.Warnie spends more time talking than bowling, and it can't be skipped. It takes almost as long between deliveries as in a real game of cricket. There appears to be no in-game menu, you can't cancel a game if you're not happy with the settings, you have to ride it out until the specified number of overs has been completed... so the UI is bad to the point of almost being non-existent.On top of that, it's got bugs. Even in the short time I played the game, on several occasions the fielders would not return the ball to the bowler, and then you're stuck. Not even a menu to use to cancel, you have to terminate the game completely and restart.A cricket game could and should be AWESOME in VR... but this game is little better than a mobile phone game, and a buggy one at that. Charging $30 for it is nothing short of extortion, I would feel cheated if I paid $5 for it.  Unless there are a LOT of MAJOR improvements, this game is not worth your time.,Posted: March 10, 2018Not fat eating a baked bean pie sexta can't keep my♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants Warnie but Botoxed lean I'm a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the channel nein commentary team after Liz Hurley Warnie.Games the worst cricket VR game out there, buy one of the others they♥♥♥♥♥♥on this pile of baked bean morning after crap .,Posted: October 10, 2017This game is a waste of money, there is little to no game play other then facing overs from Shane Warne you don't do anything, no run chase, no real game to it at all. I was hoping after the game was 1st released that they would improve the game to actually make it worth the $19.99USD that the Devs are asking for, but the only real change in the game which I have notice is now they have Intel logos in the game where before we had Shane Warnes own logo. Do your self a favor and pass on this game. Devs you really need to put some more work into this game it is nothing more then a glorified moblie game.,Posted: November 25, 2016Early Access ReviewHow is this a warney simulator without a good set of♥♥♥♥♥♥I wasnt even able to warm up with a packet of darts.  If you're keen for a threesome i'll give you a five star review (wont sell the story to new idea).,Posted: September 9, 2016Early Access ReviewNot sure what people are complaining about. I had an awesome time facing Warnie for an hour.It's early release so there are bound to be a few bugs.  Sometimes the fielders face the wrong way and I swear if my bat speed is too fast then bat and ball do not collide, but overall a very enjoyable experience for any cricket fan.Not sure if this is going to evolve into a full cricket game (facing pace bowlers for example), or if they are going to stick with just facing Warne, but either way its one of the best experiences I've had on the Vive so far (but I'm a cricket nut).I will add that on Normal and Hard modes the ball physics do seem to play up a lot more. Sliders wil bounce over my head once they hit the pitch etc. This needs to be worked on by the dev team.,Posted: November 29, 2016Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewHad a lot of fun playing this!  I recieved it for free so I can't comment on the price..  I hope there's an update soon as to fix some of the bugs.. Since it's Early Access I would expect to see one soon.,Posted: September 18, 2016Early Access ReviewGreat game but please change the handset setup! every time i put in a shot i press the pause button on the trackpad!,Posted: October 26, 2016Product received for freeEarly Access ReviewReally enjoyed this game, played it with mates taking shots to see who could take on Warnie. Good fun over a few beers, would be nice if the game has more features but looks like its still being worked on so cant wait to see what else they add.,Posted: September 7, 2016Early Access ReviewAwesone game. Wish it had more modes like chasing a score or reach a target. I also would like to face fast bowling.Sometimes the ball bounces too high, over my head.Lets see how this game deveopes"
"375"	"967271"	"FSX Steam Edition: Sacramento Airport Add-On"	2019-04-25	24.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentThe Sacramento International Airport is located 16 km north-west of the Californian Capital and has two terminals and two runways. The add-on provides Sim pilot with a highly detailed airport for FSX and Prepar3D. All the building models have 2k textures, ambient occlusion and reflecting windows.Night- and seasonal textures provide the right atmosphere at any time and day of the year. The countless small objects on the apron, animated terminals and vehicles round up the scenery nicely.  The animated jetways can be operated cross-platform with the command Ctrl.Key FeaturesBasic AFCAD layout2k textures all aroundAnimated APM on Terminal BAnimated fan bladed on Terminal AVolumetric grass edgingFTX Global compatibilityCTRL Controlled jetwaysTerminal B interior with transparent and reflective glassReflection on windows on all major buildingsDense apron vehicles and clutterDense cars in car parksFull 3D multi-story car parkFull ambient occlusion on all models3DS Max baked night texturesHigh detail models on all major buildings"	"I was flying my B29 bomber the other day, and when I lowered my throttle, the RPM stayed the same on the gauges, but you could hear and see the engines slowing down. There was a lever that I moved which lowers RPM according to the manual, and the RPM drop...,I want to play the DLC Cargo Hauler 2, but I don't need to focus so much on the flight sim aspect of the game, with all the switches and other details that go into keeping a plane in the sky.  Is it possible to play FSX, through a adjustment in immersion ...,Once again for the 6th time trying to reload fsx on steam but refuses to load , screen comes on for a few seconds and dissapear's, checked all other old files and deleted , is there a way i can permanently delete, not showing anymore and if i have to re p...,I got 2 screens, one for game and another one for obs.Once i go fullscreen, I get on my game screen the game but my other screen (obs)turns black. Any ideas how to fix it.,Posted: May 4Very old backend. Easily runs out of memory and crashes during long flights, quicker if you have lots of custom scenery installed. If you want a good simulation experience get Prepar3d. It's essentially the MSFS:X engine with the code updated for modern hardware. Runs much better. However it's not on Steam and it's more expensive.,Posted: May 3This game is a total rip off![short version of this review]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME![long version of this review]If you want to play this game with your friends you HAVE to play on public servers.We already tried to play via Steam and LAN which both didnt work...even with sensitive router settings changed and time wasted with the Dovetail support.And if you play on public servers this game does not work perfectly:~ broken or missing switches in default airplanes~ routes only appearing for one player in the airplane~ crazy autopilot trying to ascend to 100000 feet in about 3 seconds~ and so much moreI do not complain about graphics or anything, but charging 25€ for an unmaintained, buggy, 13 years old game is fraud,so I got the Night Environment: Alps add-on from steambut I don't see any changes to my graphics, is it the Alps part of it? because I don't know what that stands for or meanscould some one please tell me, cause it didn't say anything about it being in ...,Posted: May 1I recommend not getting it, it keeps on crashing while flight. Its the most unstable thing I have installed onto my pc. If anyone knows why, please let me know."
"376"	"533750"	"EARTHLOCK: Festival of Magic OST"	2016-09-27	7.99	"Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Original Soundtrack for Earthlock: Festival of Magic. Music composed by Eiko NicholsAdditional music by Hiroki Kikuta & Frits Olsen"	"Hello everyoneWe apologize for the delay in getting the Linux version out there for you all. We do not have the biggest resources available in order to develop on all platforms at the same time and we must admit that we do not have a lot of Linux experi...,Why is this percentage so low?,When I got the the save point at the end of the train area just before the train boss, I saved and then teleported back to Plumpet to get more ammunition.  I can no longer teleport to that save point before the train boss.  There is no way to get the trai...,hey, any plans to translate this game in german, france,... too?on RPGs with a nice story its a little bit bad to enjoy the full potential about this game.:),Please check out our reddit page and game forum for in game help and hints:http://www.snowcastleforum.com/https://www.reddit.com/r/Earthlock/If you are expereiencing any problems, please send us an email to support@snowcastle.no describing the issue..."
"377"	"519440"	"Kalen Chock Presents: Environment Design Package"	2016-09-12	9.99	"Design & Illustration,Tutorial"	"Steam VideoThis content is only available in an online streaming format. More information about streaming videos can be found in the Streaming Videos on Steam FAQ.,About This SeriesIn this package we will go through the process of creating an environment from start to finish. We will use Sketch Up to help block out the environments, build out the 3D elements and paint over them."	""
"378"	"897560"	"Waveform Wipeout"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Indie,Action,Early Access"	"About This Gameis a game where the player must surf on (and do rad tricks off of) audio waves. The levels are procedurally generated based on the music track you are currently listening to. The player can perform a variety of tricks and chain them together into a combo. Land the combo to score points and compete for the high score. Think Tony Hawk's Pro Skater meets Guitar Hero.Waveform Wipeout combines the fast paced action of pulling off a sick combo of tricks with the novelty of rhythm games. The levels are generated based on the song you pick, so the possibilities are endless. Dynamic track generation also lets you load any song from your hard drive and surf the waveforms! Interact with your music like never before.The aesthetic of Waveworm Wipeout is inspired by 80s cyberpunk films like Blade Runner, done in a mix of traditional pixel art and modern rendering technology. We want to create visuals that are evocative of classic sci-fi pop culture while keeping with modern aesthetics. We want Waveform Wipeout to be more than just a game. It is a whole new way to experience the music you know and love, while also being exposed to new music. Follow the beat of the music and the prompts on screen in arcade mode for that authentic rhythm game experience. Surf the waves and do whatever tricks your heart desires in freestyle mode. Unlock new characters and environments by playing through story mode. Load any wav, mp3, or ogg file and surf the waveform of your music. Search for songs on YouTube and play them directly in the game.Twitch streamers can interact directly with their viewers. Chat members can use commands to queue songs in the streamer's playlist.Create and save playlists of your favorite music. Select what frequency range you want to surf on. Play the bass, mid range, or high end of a song!We are hard at work talking to a number of indie artists to create a killer soundtrack to include with the game. Don't waste any time, and jump right in and play music by amazing indie artists. Play through the story mode featuring songs by:Danimal CannonHalcJonathan CoultonStemage"	""
"379"	"622580"	"Escape Lizards - OST"	2017-04-11	1.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentLossless FLAC versions of every track contained in Escape Lizards, by the talented Sam \"Hooch\" Folkes!This DLC includes the soundtrack to every world in Escape Lizards. A complete track listing follows:Hooch - Escape Lizards - 01 Intro.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 02 The Home Forest.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 03 Human Town.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 04 Chinatown.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 05 Workshop.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 06 Factory.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 07 Desert.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 08 Dark City.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 09 Rusty Sewer.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 10 Icy Plain.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 11 The Pearly Path.flacHooch - Escape Lizards - 12 The Elysian Fields.flac"	"I've tried my integrated card, dedicated card, and running as administrator...help!?10.06:49+562   Installed GPU: [0]: Intel(R) HD Graphics Family; DVM = 0 B, DSM = 0 B, SSM = 1.750 GiB; 1 outputs <= InitDeviceFactory()10.06:49+672   Installed GPU...,Does this game support gyro/motion control? I feel like the only intuitive way I could play this is with the steam controller and tilting it to control the world camera.,Hi, the tips at the start of a level never fade away and disappear, i don't know what to do, they hide half the screen.,Whenever I try opening the game, I get the following:Unhandled exception (Unknown error encountered: 0x80004005) <= ExitWithError()Associated exception: [NativeOperationFailedException] Unknown error encountered: 0x80004005at Ophidian.L...,Check out my Indie Impression: https://youtu.be/g3IyJw4jwpA"
"380"	"393023"	"Sakura Clicker - Tribal Outfit"	2015-08-11	0.99	"Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentUnlock the tribal outfit for your main character!,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Whats your highest sakura lvl/highest zone?,Posted: April 30i click,So what's the point? What's the story?.... I just.... click?,i bored to be Lewd Coin Miner. I can Left it game when i sleep. but until when ?!?!,not cool, I got a weeaboo friend who's too shy to post here, so he asked me to do so, anyway is there any  nude patch?  Again, it's for a friend, I never played this game, I have standarts! ,Posted: May 1I liked the game for its hands free approach you can take, what i didn't like was how low the level requirement was for resetting. however over all it was a really fun game"
"381"	"539260"	"Europa Universalis IV: Evangelical Majors Unit Pack"	2016-10-11	NA	"Strategy,Simulation"	"About This ContentThe Evangelical Majors Unit Pack adds 8 new unique units to the Evangelical Major nations in Europe - Sweden, Brandenburg/Prussia and France."	"In today's Dev Diary Jake tackles some big topics! Read all about our future plans for 4k Support, a HRE overhaul and Catholicism rework.Click here to read the development diary by DDRJake[forum.paradoxplaza.com]Useful linksEuropa Universalis Wiki[www.eu4wiki.com]Europa Universalis Development Diary Archive[eu4.paradoxwikis.com],i have 24 of army extention that means that in the first row i can put 24000 ?it seems to me is to much because with an army of 24000 which 7000 are cannons and 4000 cavalry  those cannons will be placed in the first row ? so no reserve ? i hope notthx ...,Starting Monday the 29th of April 2019 at around 13:30CEST we will be offering everyone that owns Europa Universalis IV, but not Third Rome, a chance to try this expansion for free for one week!What’s happening?For one week we’ll be offering everyone to try a selected Europa Universalis IV expansion for free. Once the week is over, the expansion will be deactivated again if you didn’t purchase it.How do I partake?Simply start Europa Universalis IV, log in to your Paradox Account in the launcher and ensure Third Rome is selected under the DLC tab in the launcher (you will find the free ones especially marked in the list) before pressing play.Do I get to keep the expansion?It is a time limited trial only. If you don’t purchase Third Rome, it will be deactivated once the week is over.Can I continue my ongoing campaign?There should be no problem continuing a save started without Third Rome, with the expansion. However: A campaign played with the free expansion activated will not be possible to continue without it, so be wary about this fact.I already own Third Rome, can I pick which one I want then?No. We are focusing on this one particular expansion. If you already own it, thank you for supporting us by buying our games! Hopefully next time it will be an expansion you don't already own.Why are you doing this?We want to give people the opportunity to try out some content they might not own before buying it!I’m having problems with my Paradox Account or a technical issue with the game!Please submit a ticket through support.paradoxplaza.comWhen is the free trial over?The free trial will end around noon CET on Monday the 6th of May, at which point you will no longer be able to access Third Rome (unless you purchased it). Any campaigns started using the expansion will not be possible to continue without it.Are the cosmetic content packs included?Yes! This time around, all content related to the expansion is included in the free trial.,Posted: April 27Too many DLCs that paywall essential content.,In today's Dev Diary Jake talks about the teams aspirations for Custom nations - and wants your feedback on how they could be improved!Click here to read the development diary by DDRJake[forum.paradoxplaza.com]Useful linksEuropa Universalis Wiki[www.eu4wiki.com]Europa Universalis Development Diary Archive[eu4.paradoxwikis.com],Posted: May 3The most basic and convenience features that should have been in base game are locked behind DLC.Protestanism basic features with only several (less than 9) stuff? DLCAge mechanics which exists for all nations and consist of about +20 stuff? DLCWanna automate your ships? DLC.Wanna go to war but your old ruler died so you will wait 7 years for your ruler to come of age? DLC!2 buttons for abdicating throne to heir or disowning heir? DLC..Army templates are also locked behind DLC, have fun micromanaging building armies hundreds of times for no reason.They really need to differentiate between \"Expansions\" and DLC. You definitely don't need \"Army Professionalism\" packed with \"Persian Theocracy\", or Age Mechanics locked with China flavor mechanics for example. Or more importantly Regents locked with Fetishist / Coptic nation flavor, which makes you unable to declare war until the heir comes of age.The positive thing is mods, which are amazing and overhaul the whole game.,Posted: April 27Great with DLCs, hard to play without. Only buy if you have DLCs as a lot of BASIC features are behind a paywall.,Who is a Stronger nation Russia or PLC and why ?,I'm playing as Austria and it's 1490. Got PUs over Bohemia and Hungary, as well as got the entire Burgundian Succession, so I'm very powerful but even then I'm not confident in defeating the Ottomans. I managed to get a white-peace with them *barely* when...,I'm about to hit Novgorod again. I hope to get around 2k development by 1600. So far it looks good to me, however I leave the last word to the expertshttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1729794590Also, should I state things already or...,Hey guys. I'm not new to this game, but lately the game has been constantly screwing me over in the military sense.My latest example, which just caused me to alt+f4, is I fought a fight against Brandenburg as my Ottoman custom nation.It was about 100..."
"382"	"989250"	"Fight For Love"	2019-01-11	0.99	"Action,Indie,Casual,Adventure,Platformer,2D,Anime,Singleplayer,Retro,Robots,Cartoony,Shooter,Hand-drawn,Surreal,Family Friendly,Funny,Cute,Story Rich,Exploration,Addictive"	"Reviews“Platformer with pixel graphics, well done. Moderately hardcore, with bosses and variety in the design of levels and traps.”OFEN_2018,More Games!https://store.steampowered.com/app/937620/Zack_Y/https://store.steampowered.com/app/914900/Super_Strawberry_Man/https://store.steampowered.com/app/897420/The_Christmas_Gifts/https://store.steampowered.com/app/886010/Smash_Halloween_Pumpkins_The_Challenge/,About This GameFight for love is a 2D Platform Action game based on the story of the major of Simdar army, Ron, whose mission is to protect the Simdar city from external and internal conflicts.Ron used to live in Simdar city and it was the place where he grew up. When he was fresh out of high school, he joined Simdar army as General and later promoted to Major post and had lots of responsibilities over the security affairs of Simdar city and beyond. He was sent to the city of Brande to solve the case of mysterious disappearance of women and to rescue them unharmed. Meanwhile, they got another chilling news besides what had been mentioned already. The news was that there was a plan of a huge blast in the city by detonating time bombs. Ron agreed to take the case in his hand. After going through a lot of fight with the enemies he met a girl from his past whom he used to like during the high school days. It came to him as a shock when he realized that she was also the one among the victims who got kidnapped by the terrorists of Brande city. He desperately wanted to save her and all of the hostages at all cost. Will Ron be able to save her along with other civilians and will he be able to protect the city from destruction?Key Features12 Levels to play!Lots of Enemies and Deadly Traps!Two types of firing modes!3 Boss Battles!Challenging Situations and Hard to Master!Story driven.Note: I am a solo indie game developer and I have done all of the graphics, animation, character design, programming except for the music. I hope you will enjoy the game. "	"Posted: January 23It's an action platformer and a basic one at that.I'll list all the problems I have with the game below and then have a shorter summary at the end.Underwhelming throughoutFight For Love starts with a long-winded, cringeworthy nice-guy infatuation story (that, in retrospect thankfully, can be skipped). Honestly, it would've been better without, or at the very least shortened. Perhaps small parts of it could have been included between levels instead of the whole thing showed in the beginning: this would have applied some useful pacing to the plot.Then you shoot through levels of mobs that run straight towards you shooting and continue the same way if you don't shoot them in the back. And if they're out of screen, you can often kill them before they appear by simply holding shoot, which is viable because there's abundant ammo lying around. It's boring.Later on though, the enemies become tanky bullet sponges so it's either avoid them or shoot them little bit at the time while jumping to cover - also boring.Boss fights: as long as you won't touch them, it'll be alright, you can just shoot them until they die and pick one of the abundant health packs every once in a while. What's the point if there's no challenge or otherwise no point in dodging their shots?Some levels host traditional platformer instakill traps like sawblades and lava. They're relatively easy to avoid though: it's supposed to be an action game after all. So why we're they included at all?You got two weapon types: primary (assault rifle) and \"secondary\" (some sort of plasma rifle). There's a separate key for switching to either one: i.e. on my gamepad (there's keyboard controls too) 'X' switches to primary and 'Y' to secondary. Since there's only two weapons, why not just use one key to switch between modes?As far as game design goes, it's full of bad choices.ConclusionsI like the original art style and the hilarious bosses. But.- Enemies are boring bullet sponges with little damage potential.- Platforming is (too?) easy.- Story is lame.- It was ~45 minutes long, achievements 100% for beating all 12 levels.Being <$1 game or a solo dev is not an excuse for depthless execution. Unfortunately, I can't recommend Fight For Love, and that wouldn't change without some major changes.Also, the other action platformers by the same dev all look incredibly similar in gameplay. While I've not played them so far, it looks like these are being released once per month: E.g. The Christmas Gifts (2018 Oct 5), Super Strawberry Man (2018 Nov 2), and the latest before Fight For Love: Zack Y (2018 Dec 7)). While it's possible that the looks deceive, it anyway looks like the base template has not been updated much between games. I'm sorry but I'd suggest for the dev going back to the design board and for you, the customer, to skip these games.EDIT: a small change of wording, a point added to the note about story, plus a word on visuals that I liked.~Twistorian Curator~"
"383"	"574920"	"SpaceJourney VR"	2017-01-19	3.99	"Adventure,Indie,Simulation,VR,Puzzle,Space,Space Sim"	"About This GameThis game is Design by Geescan Technology Company, it is a all new design VR game which contains puzzle，adventure and collection element. The game tells a story about the stars to save. In the future one day, many stars in the universe is the big devil to steal the energy, And become dim, no life, and as a righteous you will represent the light to save these stars, Now, pick up the magic of the controller, to collect energy star, brave embark on journey. Well-designed level, you need careful observation, in order to find the correct method of puzzle, and find the right way out. Are you ready?"	"Posted: February 5, 2017Changing my review to reflect recent changes.The game is short, about 30 minutes of play, but while it lasts is a very interesting and beautifully executed experience. Fair warning to those who are prone to motion sickness, you may want to sit down for theareas after the escape section.The developer reached out to me during my play to correct the issues the game had, provingthey have an interest in providing a good experience.I look forward to more from this one.,Posted: June 11, 2017This is really two games in one.The first part is a very brief Escape The Room intro.The second (and bigger) part is an abstract dream-like space puzzle.The second part of the game was mesmerizing. With the soft music playing it left me with a sense of wonder.If you're into abstract calming experiences in VR, then I think you'll like this.Totally worth the $4, absolutely.,Posted: February 22, 2017I don't get this game at all."
"384"	"919100"	"Rocket League x Monstercat Vol. 4"	2018-09-24	1.99	"Action,Racing,Sports,Indie"	"About This ContentRocket League X Monstercat Vol. 4 brings you adrenaline-soaked beats for the pitch AND the dance floor. Our ​penultimate collaboration of 2018, this EP is packed with a selection of tunes created specifically for Rocket League by Monstercat Uncaged artists Muzzy, Infected Mushroom, Darren Styles, Gammer ​& Dougal, Tokyo Machine, Bossfight, and Pixel Terror.Track Listing:1. Muzzy - Horsepower2. Infected Mushroom - Walking on the Moon3. Darren Styles, Gammer & Dougal - Burning Up4. Tokyo Machine - FLY5. Bossfight - Charge6. Pixel Terror - Contra (feat. Sara Skinner)"	"Big things have humble beginnings. Learning to pull the most insane aerial backboard double touches starts out by just trying to strike a slow-moving ball with all four wheels firmly planted on the ground. Becoming one of the biggest content creators in the Rocket League community—someone who produces seemingly impossible freestyle goals—can start as a quick upload of someone practicing freekicks in soccer. That's Joni \"JHZER\" Humaloja (now simply known as \"JZR\"). Before he was pushing the limits of what was possible on the virtual pitch, this is precisely how the aerial extraordinaire started his YouTube career.His very first upload was a simple, single-cam video of him practicing his soccer skills in his hometown of Nummela, Finland. Like so many who have turned Rocket League skills into a career, JZR's love for soccer proved to be the gateway to the video game. Before JZR was showing his viewers how to be one of the best players in a Rocket League lobby, he started by learning the basics of Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket Powered Battle Cars (SARPBC). This turned out to be the first game JZR started taking seriously.\"I started playing SARPBC seriously pretty much from the beginning,\" JZR said. \"I loved the game because it was really similar to real-life sports. You're in total control of the car. SARPBC gave players the car, boost, and the ball. From there, it’s all about what you can do with them. It's the best feeling when you realize how you struggled with something last time you played and now you are more comfortable with it. You feel proud and want to improve on the next thing.\"That improvement would eventually lead to the creation of content including some of the most insane Rocket League goals on YouTube. Before his YouTube channel got fully off the ground, JZR wasn't sure if YouTube would be his career path, despite it being his dream. Even though soccer was his first YouTube upload and the beginning of his love for competition, he decided to hang up the cleats after playing for 9 years to focus on his college. At that time, the goal was to go from college to university to study nanoscience (university comes after college in Finland). Even while juggling higher education, college brought free time, and free time began to fill with SARPBC. But, he wasn't able to drop everything and embrace SARPBC just yet.After college, it was time to complete his military service—a government mandate for all men over 18 years old in Finland. JZR, who served as a Navy Scout, describes it as one of the toughest times of his life, but credits his service for teaching him discipline and respect.Following military service, JZR found himself at a crossroads. He was back at university, but his passion for SARPBC still lingered. Creating videos on a regular basis for a YouTube channel is no easy task by itself. JZR taught himself to edit his videos, and had to learn new techniques as he went along. Throw in a university course load studying nanoscience in chemistry, and you have a recipe to get stretched pretty thin. That's when he had to make the decision between the traditional path versus the unconventional.\"I'm still in university, but I've taken time off for a year now to focus on content creating. That's where my real dreams are,\" he said. Having the support of loved ones always helps, and JZR says he has that too. \"My family is super supportive and always encourages me to do what I really want to do in life. They knew how much I enjoyed gaming already and that I did videos before this for a long time. So, they were just proud and happy for the success of the channel.\"Now, being laser-focused on Rocket League and content creation, JZR is all about elevating his game, both on the pitch and on his channel. He came on the scene with crazy mechanics known as \"freestyling.\" Freestyling is when players go for goals in the flashiest way possible. He and his partner on the pitch, MK, are practically Rocket League magicians, setting up ridiculous passing plays to one another all while spinning multiple times in midair with ease. JZR and MK's partnership goes way back to three years ago when they were part of a freestyling team called Nixus.\"From the first game we played together I saw how good he was at passing. We had amazing chemistry. We've been playing ever since and haven't stopped. Nowadays, he is one of my best friends. I've met him several times in real life and I'm truly happy that he's part of my life.\" JZR admits that while his channel, and his playstyle with MK, started out with a focus on freestyling, he's been trying to distance himself from being labeled a \"freestyler.\"\"I started freestyling on SARPBC in 2011. I thought it would be cool to score goals while spinning like crazy in air for montages, because people really didn’t do them back then. My viewers liked the goals, so coming up with different tricks became my thing. Nowadays in Rocket League, my passion is more in competitive, so I haven’t been a freestyler in a long time. I don’t come up with new tricks anymore on purpose. It’s more like crazy stuff just happens when I’m trying my best but also improvising on the go.\" JZR still likes to follow the freestyling scene and particularly enjoys the goals of other content creators like MuiricleS.When not producing videos, JZR has dabbled in Rocket League's competitive landscape. He was part of the now defunct FlipSid3 Tactics in 2017, and is looking to refuel that competitive fire. He recently competed in the EU Play-In stage of the Rival Series this season. \"After a long time not competing I have started to focus on that again, and I'm improving myself as a player,\" JZR said. \"I’m doing competitive highlights more than freestyling, so making those highlight videos and competing is easier.\"Whether it's competing, practicing, or creating content for a YouTube channel, playing that much Rocket League can lead to burnout. JZR's got that covered, too. He tries to take time to himself away from screens when he can, or play something other than Rocket League to give himself a break. \"In my spare time, I try to take care of myself as well as I can,\" he said. \"Workout out at the gym and running are my favorite ways to do that, and I'm still playing soccer for fun.\" He enjoys playing other games with his teammate MK like Dead by Daylight, Tekken, CounterStrike: Global Offensive, Call of Duty, and Overwatch, just to name a few.Even with all the games he plays for fun, Rocket League is still JZR's mainstay. He always goes back to it to improve his skills, pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and helping others elevate their game with tutorial videos on how to get to those top competitive ranks. \"I still get super hyped about good goals even though I've been playing Rocket League and SARPBC for almost 10 years. That just shows that goals just keep getting better, and that thought makes me happy.\"Check out JZR's YouTube channel and follow him on Twitter to see his latest highlights and tutorials.,Epic takes less revenue from the publishers so plus rocket league uses unreal engine which belongs to epic,   so they also take revenue for using their engine but in epic store publisher will make a better profit. Stop being a retard for once and try to u...,Posted: May 1Epic games : How to make people use our platform ?Employee 1 : Have great functionalities ?Employee 2 : Develop other games than Fortnite ?Employee 3 : Stop delaying the basic features we said months ago we would add ?Employee 4 : Communicating with the community ?Employee 5 : Stop lying to everyone ?Employee 6 : Protect our users data ?Epic games : Naah, let’s buy more Epic Games exclusives You guys deserve 100% of the review bombing that is happening,Posted: May 1Moving to Epic is good for Psyonix. More money for them. Yay.But it's not good for us.[i.redd.it]The game is staying on steam for those of us who already bought it or buy it before it gets unlisted, but who knows if it will require us to still install and launch through Epic like various Ubisoft games on Steam do with Uplay. It might happen. We don't know.* A lot of reviews regarding this are bound to be flagged abusive and called \"review bombing\" but that is not what this is. I can not recommend this game at this particular time despite the fact that I have nearly 900 hours because so much is uncertain and I just can not advise anyone to get this game /right now/ until the air is cleared. The game is moving to Epic, that's the end of that story, the rest we will just have to wait and see.,Scheduled Release: April 30, 2019, 10:00 a.m. PDT / 5:00 p.m. UTC (All Platforms)CHANGES AND UPDATESAudioEcho effect on ball effect has been adjustedReduced dynamic range of game audio based on community reception and feedbackBUG FIXESGeneralAdjusted volume of fireworks on Champions Field (all variants)Fixed the diagonal kickoff position on Champions FieldAn appropriate Club Tag worn by multiple players in a match should no longer be filtered on only one of those playersResolved increase of ‘Error 71’ matchmaking errors when trying to find an Online MatchPlayer Banners previewed on Crate and Rocket Pass menus will no longer incorrectly attach to your profileAdjusted the Paint Finish on the ‘DeLorean Time Machine’Friends List notifications will now appear while viewing ReplaysKNOWN ISSUESPlayers may see an “XP not received” message despite earning enough pointsAudio may drop out during a match for some playersSome players may see overlapping item-loading icons when starting the game after receiving a large number of new Customization Items(Rumble) Some players may not be able to pick up boost after being hit with the Disruptor power-upCrates received while playing may not stack with Crates in inventory, but they will stack correctly after a game restart,Posted: May 2Way to slap your playerbase in the face,Rocket Pass 3 is live and gives players faster ways to Tier-Up with new Weekly Challenges.  The Challenges for Week 2 are now live! Get three new Challenges each week throughout Rocket Pass 3, or upgrade to Rocket Pass Premium and get a total of six. With Rocket Pass Premium's initial 50% XP bonus and Weekly Challenges, you'll reach the Pro Tiers faster than ever! How far will you go?Rocket Pass 3 will run until July 29, so jump into Online Matches to start climbing those Rocket Pass Tiers!,Epic's acquisition of Rocket League studio Psyonix earlier this week resulted in a predictable reaction: A review bombing campaign that hit the game with more than 2,700 negative reviews on Steam since May 1. Yet in spite of that effort, the user review rating, including recent reviews, remains \"very positive.\" That's because of the system Valve implemented in March that excludes \"off-topic review activity\" from review score calculations—effectively an anti-review-bomb shield. An asterisk on the Rocket League review chart leads to a message stating that \"this time range has been marked as containing an abnormal set of reviews that we believe are largely unrelated to the likelihood that you would enjoy the product.\"   The reviews themselves remain visible in that section of the Steam listing, so you can still see entries like, for instance, the one from the player with nearly 1,900 hours of playtime who spends multiple paragraphs describing how great the game is before giving it a negative review because, \"You sold your honor.\" The backlash comes despite the fact that neither Psyonix nor Epic have said that Rocket League will be removed from Steam, and in fact have pledged to continue supporting the Steam edition for existing owners, even after the game goes on sale on the Epic Store. For now, nothing has changed except the studio ownership, and even that may not be a dramatic shift given the longstanding relationship between Epic and Psyonix: Rocket League is obviously the studio's best-known game, but the Psyonix website says it has also worked on Epic games including Gears of War, Bulletstorm, Unreal Tournament 3, and UT2004. Review bombs are nothing new, but it's interesting to see Valve's anti-bombing mechanism in action, and I think it might actually prove to be a reasonable compromise solution to user review abuse: Committed players get their say, but casual \"need something new\" browsers won't be forced to dig down to figure out why the recent reviews of a phenomenally popular game have suddenly tanked. As the great philosopher once said, a good compromise leaves everybody mad. ,I hate how Epic is trying to compete with Steam using Anti-Consumer methods; however by the constant review bombing of games that people love just because of Epic makes the Steam community look extremely cancerous. ,UPDATE: Epic has offered an update on the confusingly worded statement issued to press earlier today regarding Rocket League's future status on Steam, now insisting that it has \"not announced plans to stop selling the game there\".In its initial press release, Epic wrote that \"The PC version of Rocket League will come to the Epic Games store in late 2019. In the meantime, it will continue to be available for purchase on Steam; thereafter it will continue to be supported on Steam for all existing purchasers.\" That combination of In the meantime and thereafter reading as if Rocket League's sale on Steam would continue only until it transitioned to the Epic Games Store later this year.In a new statement issued to US Gamer, however, Epic has said, \"We are continuing to sell Rocket League on Steam, and have not announced plans to stop selling the game there...Rocket League remains available for new purchasers on Steam, and long-term plans will be announced in the future.\" All of which feels a lot like a game of semantic evasion, but for now the takeaway is that Rocket League may or may not continue to be sold on Steam post its Epic Games Store debut. Make of that what you will.Read more,Rapidly expanding industry monolith Epic Games have snapped up Psyonix, the studio behind esports car-football phenomenon Rocket League. In an official announcement, Psyonix have declared that they’re “joining the Epic family”, and the game will come to the Epic Games Store. In the short term, that means very little for players, but longer-term, they may eventually stop selling the game on Steam,  although they do plan on continuing support for existing owners. Unsurprisingly, the Steam store page for the game is being flooded with negative reviews.Update: Epic have expounded on their announcement. Speaking to USGamer, an Epic Games spokesperson said “We are continuing to sell Rocket League on Steam, and have not announced plans to stop selling the game there”, although a removal from sale on Steam isn’t ruled out either, following up with the maddeningly vague “long-term plans will be announced in the future”. See the original story below. (more…),Update: After some confusion over whether Rocket League will be removed from Steam later this year, Epic has told USGamer \"We are continuing to sell Rocket League on Steam, and have not announced plans to stop selling the game there. Rocket League remains available for new purchasers on Steam, and long-term plans will be announced in the future.\" In a tweet, Psyonix said that \"anyone who owns Rocket League through Steam can still play it and can look forward to continued support.\"Original story: Epic Games is in the process of acquiring Rocket League developer Psyonix, the companies announced today.Before any of my fellow Rocket League players panic: This doesn't mean Rocket League is leaving Steam, where its entire PC playerbase currently lives. In the short term, nothing is changing, and Rocket League is still available for purchase on Steam.The long term picture is a little different, but still nothing to panic over right now. Rocket League will release on the Epic Store later this year, and after that, \"it will continue to be supported on Steam for all existing purchasers.\" The wording there suggests that, at some point, newcomers to Rocket League will have to buy it through the Epic Store, but us Steam folk can stay put. (Note: As per the update above, it may actually continue to be sold on Steam indefinitely—it's not clear yet.)If Rocket League were to cease Steam sales but continue to be supported there, I wonder how Valve would feel about that deal. Valve would continue to make money from existing Steam players who spend money within Rocket League—buying keys for the premium Rocket Passes, for instance—but it'd still be a weird situation. We'll have to wait and see how that develops. It isn't stated in the press release, but we can also expect Epic's cross-platform friends and matchmaking system to be implemented so that Steam players can play with Epic Store players, along with all of the console players we can already play with.In a Q&A on the Rocket League website, Psyonix states that the gameplay won't be changing—not that I'd expect it to because of the acquisition—but that the new ownership should bolster the competitive scene with new resources for esports events.Psyonix will stay in its San Diego studio, where it currently employs 132 people. The developer has a history of working with Epic—as the press release mentions, it worked on the Gears of War and Unreal Tournament series—so perhaps this shouldn't come as a surprise. (I'm a little surprised!)My hope for my favorite game is that Epic's resources will be used to improve the servers. When I'm partied-up in Snow Day (the best mode) with friends scattered across North America, we either end up on a west coast or east coast server—there aren't any central servers, so one player ends up with a much worse ping than the others. Fingers crossed that Epic's considerable Fortnite infrastructure can be put to use in that respect.The deal isn't quite settled yet, but all that's left are formalities, it sounds like. \"Epic and Psyonix currently expect to close the acquisition at the end of May or early June 2019, subject to customary closing conditions,\" reads the press release.,Firstly, i never downloaded Epic Store. Or any software of them. Because;Epic Store collects people's special informations by using malware. There's much on google just search it and see. They are giving free games yes but you know how? They are collect...,\"Gamers\": We want competition to Steam so there won't be a monopoly!Epic Games: *Exists*\"Gamers\": Wait no not like that,Is a sign of miscommunication between the devs and the players."
"385"	"297891"	"Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou - Scenario Nagashinonotatakai"	2014-08-27	2.99	"Strategy"	"About This ContentAn additional playable scenario for the title \"Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou.\" Even after Shingen's death, the Takeda clan remains the mightiest in the region. However, Nobunaga senses an opportunity to strike, and comes up with a revolutionary new strategy. In this age of uncertainty, heroes are made and legends are born."	"At least English text... This game looks cool but it would be impossible to play in Chinese.,没想到英文也有今天啊，哈哈哈，这回知道我们天天玩没有本国语言游戏的感觉了吧。不过60也太贵了。。。什么时候打折啊。,各位,小弟用Win10, 請問可以玩創造嗎? 謝謝,游戏安装正常，但steam一直没有更新新的升级补丁，请问你们遇到了吗，谁知道怎么解决。,在創作武將里輸入不了中文名字...一直都是問號。請問各位輸入到嗎？"
"386"	"272690"	"Blast Em! Source Code"	2014-01-22	0.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentNote: This source code will only build in Unity version 4.x. It does not work in Unity 5.Ever wanted to see how a super hard, addictive game is made? Now's your chance! Get your hands deep and dirty into the source code to Blast Em! Source Code Terms and ConditionsThe source code to Blast Em! is provided for educational purposes only. Under this provision you may: Use portions of the code in your own unique games but if you do so you must give credit to Xiotex Studios. You can distribute the portions of the Blast Em! code if you distribute your own code but the licence headers must remain in place. You cannot: Build and release a version of Blast Em! for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Use the graphics from Blast Em! in any of your productions. Use the music for Blast Em! in any of your own productions. Distribute the music for Blast Em!"	"If you find a bug, post it here!,Can anyone else confirm? Mine no longer seems to go up.,If you have anything you'd like to ask about the source code, do it here and I'll do my best to answer.,It lags and stucks if you move your mouse fast. Does anyone else has the same issue?,how the hell do u get it i can only get to around 85 seconds but then its too damn crazy"
"387"	"640900"	"King Arthur's Gold: Flags of the World Heads Pack"	2017-06-13	1.99	"Indie,Action"	"About This ContentThis Cosmetic DLC adds over 120 unique heads (over 60 per gender) to King Arthur's Gold.Each head represents a flag of the world. There are also Jolly Roger and Rainbow/Pride flags.Use them to celebrate your heritage and bring some colour onto the battlefield!Preview:List of flags currently supported:PolandAustraliaEnglandIrelandScotlandWalesNew ZealandAustralian AboriginalTino Rangatiratanga (Maori)CanadaUSAItalyGermanyRussiaFranceNetherlandsSwedenNorwaySpainBelgiumFinlandDenmarkPortugalTurkeyIcelandSwitzerlandHungaryBelarusSlovakiaLatviaIsraelPalestineCzech RepublicUkraineMexicoChileBrazilArgentinaJamaicaPapua New GuineaTongaSamoaKoreaChinaSingaporeThailandJapanHong KongMalaysiaTaiwanIndonesiaPhilipinesIndiaVietnamSouth AfricaEgyptKenyaSomaliaSudanGeorgiaGreeceSyriaSyrian Independence FlagMaliAustriaEstoniaTunisiaLibyaLithuaniaThe Faroe IslandsPuerto RicoCubaGreenlandDominican RepublicIraqJolly RogerRainbowRequests for missing countries/nations etc will be considered via the support email."	"Hey folks,You should have an update for KAG available shortly. We've narrowed down the problem causing the crashes that you may have noticed since the last build and this update should fix them.We decided to bump the game version to 2926 to make sure everyone is playing on the fixed version, please make sure to restart when the update is available (servers may start disappearing).Our apologies to those who have had problems with crashes.Forum thread[forum.thd.vg]Cheers,Mazey,If I buy either one of the DLC head packs, do I unlock access to the heads that are available to users who bought the game before it went F2P? (not the golden tools),Archers, knights, builders,To those celebrating: I hope you're having a wonderful Easter!We've had a couple of small patches to fix issues that arose after we went free-to-play, but this is the first real update! This build mostly has bugfixes, but we're introducing a pretty exciting feature as well.Straight to the point: Assists! When you contribute to a kill, you will now get assists. Assists are fully functional but this is the first public version, expect some finishing touches soon. Here you can see my dear friend Biurza assist me in killing Zanzibar: Numpad emoji support! You can now bind up to 18 unique emoji to the number buttons on your keyboard instead of the usual 9. Here is how you do it: Added missing accolades and added more Patreon custom heads. Joining a modded server will no longer require a restartAs always special thanks to our Patreon supporters and Github contributors.For those not aware, KAG development is community driven and we are funded by Patreon. People post features they'd like to see and bugs they want squashed on Github and the community votes on the favorites - the favorites will receive a monetary bounty: whoever implements the feature or fixes the bug, gets paid! Assists are an example of this.Our Discord[discord.gg]Our Patreon page[www.patreon.com]Our Github[github.com]Forum discussion can be found here[forum.thd.vg].Changelog:fixed null pointer recent damage list.[fixed] triple equals signs[fixed] assists appearing for everyone and for teamkillsadded github accolades.added racoonman10's custom head.fixed camera issue[added] heal amount tracking for quarters and dorms[added] core features for assist systemChanged even more spaces to tabs.Changed spaces to tabs.Changed spaces to tabsAuto-Indent seemed to have missed one indent for some reasonRan auto-indentationRemove excessive tab from EmoteBinderMenu.asEmoteBinderMenu.as indentation finally fixed (really now)Add newline to EmoteBindings.cfgFix indent of EmoteBinderMenu.asIsolated report-related things inside Report.asRemoved Report-related thingsCorrect indent of emoteBindsFix? emoteBinds indentFix invalid configuration in EmoteBindings.cfgUpdate EmoteBinderMenu to be able to bind numpad hotkeysCorrect invalid numpad EKEY_CODE codesImplement numpad emote hotkeysAdd numpad checksUpdate emote configurationSelect most fitting foodAdd getHealingAmountremoved some leftovers.removed some leftovers.[added] 'AdminLogic.as' a new script to handle reporting and swapping to spectator team.[fixed] kickafk, code formatting, added a script 'AdminLogic.as' to handle reporting and swapping to spectator team.[fixed] issues related to not having a spectator team in a gamemode.,Free to play is live! Welcome all new players!Check out the release video -> https://youtu.be/FvaT01outXs,Hi I started playing recently. Here are some questions1) I saw you can get kills by landing on your opponent (foot symbol). Do you need to press something for this to happen, like Down? Or does it happen automatically when falling on an enemy?2) When ...,This is stupid.Some noob builder in my team built a terrible trap, killed himself with it 3 times and his own teammates including me. (All within first 1-2 minutes)So I went and improved it by adding trap blocks. The builder then went and removed the ...,Posted: April 28Better than you'll think,Posted: May 1very nice,Posted: April 29The zombies can use your teams tunnels. Destroyed a good concept.,can any one help me with golden tools i need 10 wins in a row for the class im playing and i want the golden pick can someone like host a server with a password or something please?,Hey guys, I'm making videos for new players to KAG to teach them the different roles. This is a video on knight. Learn about==KNIGHT GUIDE==1. Bombs, Water Bombs, Mines and Kegs2. Shield Surfing3. Attacking4. Breaking Blocks5. Bomb jumps6. Special..."
"388"	"621430"	"Robotpencil Presents: Insight: Design Practically"	2017-04-11	3.99	"Design & Illustration,Tutorial"	"Steam VideoThis content is only available in an online streaming format. More information about streaming videos can be found in the Streaming Videos on Steam FAQ.,About This SeriesThis tutorial will teach you how to begin understanding basic functionality and test if it makes sense without explanation. As well as how to start creatively then go practically."	""
"389"	"430317"	"MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore - 2015 Suzuki RMZ450 MX"	2016-03-08	2.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentStart your engines! Purchase the RMZ450 MX bike from Suzuki and experience real off-road riding!"	"All bugs that you find should go into this thread.Your bug reports help us to create fixes for you. The better your report, the more it does help us!Writing a  good bug report is easy if you follow these 3 steps:1. Headline: Write a short headline a...,Race all 16 Official tracks from the 2017 Supercross Championship! For the first time ever you can race the same tracks the pros do – the week of the real event!  Each track becomes available for download a few days before the actual eventCheck it out...,We are very happy to roll out this new performance update for MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore! This patch should give you a solid 15-20% increase in FPS while also improving the overall smoothness of the game.We hope you enjoy the improved experience and...,This is for new riders! If you have quality information please post to help new riders get a better experience! I'll just start it for the community to build on! **Please try and leave other forms of discussions elsewhere so new riders can find the info i...,So it launched briefly and then closed right after download/installation, didn't make it past the opening cut scene.Now, I've tried the C++ update trick, verifying the files, and every time I try to launch the game I get this error:'Failed initialize ...,Posted: May 4ADD ME TO RIP UP SOME ONLINE I GOT ALL THE MAPS YOU GUYS ! USERNAME IS TRISTEN7241"
"390"	"642804"	"Train Simulator: InterCity BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ Loco Add-On"	2017-12-15	19.99	"Simulation"	"Pro RangeThe Pro Range is aimed toward the serious train simulation enthusiast looking for a complex machine to master. Each product is designed to provide education and entertainment for users. Xbox controller and HUD interface support do not come as standard and users will need to read the accompanying documentation to fully understand the operation of this advanced simulation.,About This ContentGrow your collection with an iconic piece of British Rail history: the infamous Advanced Passenger Train Prototype. Securing its place in history as the first commercial passenger train to feature tilting technology, it nonetheless suffered as the new features caused uproar and contention. Experience a genuine turning point in train design and challenge yourself to improve with this unique train and accompanying scenarios!Built by BREL at Derby, for allocation at Glasgow and Crewe, the BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ was an InterCity Development train uniquely designed to provide faster journey times on the West Coast Main Line. The WCML was plagued with a multitude of twists and turns as railway companies of old attempted to navigate the hilly landscape; and while trains could probably take turns at higher speeds than they did, the passenger’s comfort would be jeopardised.The initial APT project had already procured the APT-E (Experimental) which could tilt, but ran off of diesel turbines and was, much like previous turbine-driven locomotives, inefficient at lower speeds. The next development if the project would be the prototypes, but continual stalls in progress eventually called for the (not so) stop-gap, the High Speed Train.Eventually, in 1979, the BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ was completed. The APT-P consisted of six rakes and spare driving second & brake first vehicles, numbered 370001 – 370007. Each rake would contain up to six articulated trailer vehicles and one non-driving motor vehicle, so that each train set would comprise of two such rakes with the motor vehicles being situated in the centre of the formation. These formations resulted in three almost identical sets of 12 to 14 vehicles in length.Each centrally-positioned power car consisted of four traction motors, delivering upwards of 4,000hp per power car. With around 8,000hp propelling the APT-P in total, it earned the accolade of the most powerful domestic passenger train in the UK and would undoubtedly be able to reduce journey times, all it needed was a good tilting system.Needless to say it was good, it was very good, and in fact it was too good – as claimed by passengers and press. The active tilting system was so effective that you could not tell it was tilting, but when looking out the window, feeling level-headed and seeing the countryside bobbing up and down at the same time caused seasick-like discomfort. The ghost-tilt of the APT would be one of many issues to come to light, and would not be rectified until later models were released.Due to the shoestring budget during engineering there were flaws in the manufacturing of the power car bogies which resulted in poorly fitting brake equipment. This caused brakes to stick to the wheel of the power cars causing them to overheat. There were also problems with various lubricants used throughout the power cars which caused oil filter blockages.Despite the technical troubles the APT-P was credited with a number of firsts. It was the first passenger train to use self-contained septic tanks, and it housed a completely unique hydrokinetic braking system which was very successful and worked incredibly well. The APT-P was also the world’s first commercial passenger train to use tilting technology. The APT-P would offer a passenger relief service between London and Glasgow, three days a week, between 1983 and 1985. However, it was forced into service during December and failed on one of its first big outings, dealing more damage in the public eye.Ultimately, after the technical problems and a lack political will to take the project forward, the planned APT project would never be fully developed into the APT-S (Squadron) sets. The APT-P powercar would instead influence the BR Class 89, the prototype to the BR Class 91 InterCity 225 of the East Coast Main Line, and the tilting technology would be sold to Fiat who refined their Pendolino family and would eventually sell their train sets back in the form of the BR Class 390 - the tilting, spiritual successor to the APT-P.Today only a single, almost complete APT-P has survived into preservation and is housed at the Crewe Heritage Railway Centre next to its old stomping grounds, the West Coast Main Line. Despite drawing people from all over the world, APT-P has suffered and is all but a shadow of her former self.Entirely unique in every right and with a service speed of 125mph, a design speed of 155 and a record speed of 162.2, the APT-P, while flawed, has its own place in railway history; continue its tale yourself as we bring the much-loved BR Class 370 ‘APT-P’ to Train Simulator!Included ScenariosThe Advanced Passenger Train Prototype includes three challenging Career Scenarios for the West Coast Main Line Over Shap Route:C-APT TrainingNorthbound FunSouthbound RunPlease Note: The West Coast Main Line Over Shap Route Add-On is required, as a separate purchase, in order to play the scenarios featured in this add-on.More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.Key FeaturesRepresents the APT-P as they were in active serviceIncludes Driving Trailer Second, Trailer Second, Trailer First, Trailer Restaurant Buffet Second, Trailer Unclassified, Trailer Brake First, Non-Driving Motor VehiclesIncludes Passenger View in the TRBS VehicleAuthentic Advanced Physics and Handling CharacteristicsReactive Tilt System enabling APT to handle cant deficiency up to 9 degreesFully functional Cab including key Pro Range features:Operable Diesel and Motor Alternator SetsMaster KeyBoost Throttle FunctionalityHydrokinetic Brake SimulationCounter-Tilt PantographIndividual Lamp Control (Head, Tail and Marker)Lifting Nose and Extending BuffersRealistic Control-APT Driver Advisory SystemC-APT Transponder Markers Included for User Generated ScenariosAuthentic Start-Up Procedure including AWS and C-APT Self-Test, Local and Remote DA/MA Set Control and Operating Cab DoorsAuthentic Sounds Recorded from APT at Crewe Heritage Centre3 Career ScenariosNumber of appropriate and authentic set consist configurationsQuick Drive compatibleDownload Size: 247.7 MB"	"Explore over 170km of bustling mainline operations with the “open all hours” Münster – Bremen route, which has now arrived in the Steam and Dovetail Games stores courtesy of Aerosoft!https://store.steampowered.com/app/980543/Train_Simulator_Mnster__Bremen_Route_AddOn/,mode carrièreje termine la mission sans pénalités3 arrets dans les temps, pas d'exces de vitesse(3 * 230 points = 690 points)mais je n'ai qu'une médaille de bronze et pas de xp !!pourquoi ??merci,Step onto the footplate of Bossman Games’ authentically recreated LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class, which is available now on the Steam & Dovetail Games Stores!https://store.steampowered.com/app/967283/Train_Simulator_LMS_Rebuilt_Patriot_Class_Steam_Loco_AddOn/,After months of cold, Spring comes and with it the Steam Easter Sale! Take the opportunity to save BIG and expand your Train Simulator collection!Browse the deals:https://store.steampowered.com/dlc/24010/Train_Simulator_2019/list/46368,Posted: April 29I absolutely love this game, DONT READ FOR HOW LONG I HAVE PLAYED IT!!!!!!! There are so many addons, so many oppurtunities, ButWAHT THE HELL! I wanted to buy all of the DLC but I thought I would buy myself a 142 Pacer instead. 6, bloody, thousand, GPB, I mean seriously, you could buy yourself 5-10 cars!!,Posted: April 30To be perfectly frank, this is not that good. While the detail is really nice, it runs so poorly its laughable. Completely single threaded engine, and using only dx9 means the engine is hobbled badly and results in extremely bad performance that for some reason people just accept as normal. Frequently crashes, no real content, extreme reliance on workshop for any kind of gameplay. Its not that pretty, a lot of the content is years old and the developers only seem to be in it for the cash. Unless you have an OTT obsession with trains, its best to avoid this one.4/10 - Must do better.,Hello, new player here. Struggling with a couple of things that I hope you can help me out with.1. Performance - I'm running 16GB RAM, i7, GTX 1080 in the 64-bit version on the very lowest settings in 1950x1080 and *still* getting really annoying frame ...,Pour moi, il y a beaucoup de Bugs sur cette DLC, pas possible d'aller plus loin que Bohmte vers Muenster, est-ce normal, l'écran se bloque vers le Km 66.,Does anybody know how it works?? the serz.exe???? When  i click it appears a black box and after 1/5 second disappears again.Thanks ,I purchased this from Steam in the last sale. I have read the manual and printed off most of the pages. However, I cannot get the loco to move! I drive with the F 4 HUD. I didn't understand the instruction on page 18, 'ensure the master key is turned in? ...,Posted: May 2I recommend this game to any body who loves trains like me but, THE one thing that annoys me is the Temp Dump. It usually happens during mid game where the screens goes black for a second and your game freezes. After that it gives you the Temp Dump Error, SO can you fix that?"
"391"	"697000"	"YOU ARE KING"	2017-09-19	18.99	"Strategy,Action,Adventure,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This GameThis is a simulated game of 'the war of ants'. The player can act as an ant queen to order the ants to do things like survive, attack, follow, and so on. The system is not complete yet. The R key shows the main menu, and you can choose your character and skiils by clicking the left mouse button. After you complete your choice, you can attack others by clicking the right mouse button. This project had been started by a single person and it has not been finished for now, due to lack of expertise and money. If there is any chance I can get support, I may finish this project with others who want join me."	"Posted: September 19, 2017Flat out, this isn't a game. I see no reason for it to be classified as a game. I can't even call this an alpha build!Why on god's green earth does this cost $18.99!?,Posted: September 19, 2017Literally has 3 different models, 1(ugly) map, and NOTHING.This is just so bad. $23NZ for THIS!Valve:Please fix Steam Direct. This shouldn't be on your storefront. It shouldn't come up in things I could spend money on. Tak some responsibility and put some humans in front of the new releases. 1 or 2 would do it. There aren't THAT MANY releases each day (yet). PLEASE!https://youtu.be/kNLMWsIz1DI"
"392"	"761100"	"Jump! Jump! Jump!"	2017-12-28	0.99	"Action,Indie,Casual,Runner,Arcade,2D,Minimalist,Atmospheric,Singleplayer"	"About This GameJump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! is a score based platformer game.The purpose of the game is to escape from the flooding water coming from under and try to reach the best score. In the game, except water, there is two obstacles: moving barriers that are coming from left and right sides of screen and you should jump before the barriers are closing the path. Those gates move with different speed, and there is different types of closing gates.. its getting complex!The main character of the game is a cube with jelly physics. Try not to get stuck on the closing gate! You can collect coins and unlock new characters form.this game is not for everyone: it required dextery, concentration, reflexes... and the need to beat the highest score!FEATURES :*Minimalist gameplay for quick fun*Collect coin to unlock new character*Sweet music*Steam Leaderboard*Steam Achievements"	"Posted: September 26, 2018A simple one-key casual game. First part of the game works and achievements are humanly possible. It might pass as a fairly enjoyable and easy-to-reach-100% game.However, the DLC part is totally broken. It constantly stucks, controls are not responsive, you got to have insane super powers to finish it. Therefore the last 3 of the achievements are not possible to get, achievement hunters must void it. Not enough. [4/10]"
"393"	"57600"	"Tropico 3: Absolute Power"	2010-05-17	9.99	"Simulation,Strategy,City Builder,Great Soundtrack,Economy,Singleplayer,Comedy,Sandbox,Cold War"	"About This ContentTropico 3: Absolute Power is the first official expansion pack to the critically acclaimed Tropico 3 and provides all-new options as ruler of a small Caribbean island nation.  It adds a new campaign, new missions, new island types, unique buildings and new powers to maximize the length and success of your term in power.New campaign featuring 10 all-new missions and islandsNew buildings garbage dump, marina, grade school, etc.New edicts declare an annual festival dedicated to yourself, print your ownmoney or outlaw your most annoying political faction among others.New traits and appearances to take El Presidente's power to the next level.New huge landmarks huge decorations and structures as a reward for politicaland economical success to make your island unique.New \"loyalist&quot faction  comprised of your die-hard supporters.More radio announcements and a new radio station with witty comments on youractions in the game."	"Posted: May 6, 2014Tropico 3 is a surprisingly good city builder or rather a 3rd world simulator. It is very different than games like Sim City and Cities XL. Those two games are more macro city builders, where in two or three mouse clicks you can make city blocks where 1,000 people might live. With Tropico and the Tropico series in general, you need to place each building, each road and your island along with the time it takes your construction company to build it. Your entire island might get to be 200 - 500 'Tropicans.'Each Tropican has needs... Food, religion, job, healthcare, entertainment, safety and so on. The catch is every Tropican's needs have a certain weight to them based on what political party / faction they believe in. Each faction has major and minor demands. The military will want more soldiers, so you need to build an army base. The religious faction will want a church or cathedral. The capitalist party will want privatization or upscale entertainment. The communist party will want you to enable the free public housing edict or have adequate healthcare.On top of that, you balance political relations with the USA and USSR. If they get too bad, one of the two will basically take over your country and it will be game over. It is interesting how many ways that you can get game over. The most common way to get a game over is to lose an election. You don't have to have elections even. You're in charge. If you don't want an election, the nationalist party will hate you and your loyalist party will love you. If you opt to have elections, it will be vise versca. People will call for early elections and when you have elections, you can see preliminary results and you can even sway (cheat) elections. Its all at the risk of a party's love.It is pretty cool having to pick 3 things to make a speech about and then fulfill campaign promises, but its all pretty easy. Winning elections is pretty easy, especially compared to how difficult it was to win any elections in the original Tropico. It was so bad in that game, that it was almost impossible to win an election without stuffing the ballot box.When citizens hate you, and there will be plenty that do, they will either peacefully protest or become rebels. Once you have enough rebels against you, they will attack your most remote buildings. Your army will then go fight them, but if the rebels outnumber your army, the rebel will win and the buildings will be destroyed. The rebels can attack your palace or flat out assassinate you for a game over.Tropico has a single player campaign with a lot of scenarios. You don't just pick scenarios, you unlock them. Each scenario seems to have scenario specific events that only occur in the scenarios. Some scenarios last 30 minutes, others a few hours as you take an island from 1950 - 1990 or so. At the start of each scenario you can pick a player character from historical tropican dictators or make your own avatar. You can even make personality traits that will result in pros and cons. It can drastically change your play style if you are incorruptible and never have any crime or have a green thumb and have high farm yields at the cost of low factory production.Your businesses, mines, farms, and everything requires citizens in them to function and make you money. Every citizen has different education levels that will impact who does what. So you need to build high schools and colleges. Once built, there are options to gear students to military or religion. You can also click vacant positions to hire foreign experts for a price. If you have more businesses than citizens, build an immigration office and let anyone into the country or change it to only let in skilled workers so you keep bums out of your country.Nothing is done automatically. You place a building, then wait for your teamsters and construction crews to build it. The more crews and personnel you have working, the faster it'll get done. I'm happy with that. Its part of the realism. If there's a building you want developed faster, you can increase or decrease its priority. If its still taking too long, just have your avatar stand next to the building to get it done faster.The graphics are beautiful and you'll see every Tropican walking around, hopping in their car and driving to locations. The music is nice and very Tropican / Salsa music. The radio DJ and the rebel DJ will provide a lot of flavor to what you're doing. The rebel DJ will always heckle you and every line is said with tongue in cheek humor. The game knows you're all powerful and while being a dictator is usually seen as a horrifyingly negative thing, the humor twists it into a silly positive thing.The only letdown is the fact there are no Steam achievements, yet it is the Steam Special Edition.,Posted: November 25, 2013I recommend Tropico 3 for many reasons:1. The aim of the game is to rule, and to rule for many years. You have work hard to do just that, managing the economy, maintaining your popularity, evading coups, balancing the factions on the island are a few examples. I enjoyed having to deal with all these.2. The graphics are nice, I haven't played the earlier versions of the game (the original Tropico or Tropico 2) but this one has nice buildings and landmarks to choose from. The user interface is also well designed (unlike Tropico 4 - see below).3. The game gives you an objective for each scenario, and you have only so many years to complete that objective. Having a single objective gives you a lot of freedom, you get to decide about other matters on the island.4. The game has really good music, the tracks certainly fit the 'Tropical' atmosphere.5. There is a plethora of different scenarios. Although it gets repetitive as you play, the game still has a good replay level.Comparing Tropico 3 & 4:So, if you are new to the Tropico series (like I once was), I would recommend getting Tropico 3 instead of Tropico 4. In my opinion, it definitely has a better user interface, a nicer objective system (Tropico 4 keeps giving you objectives - it is, as far as I have seen, endless and boring) and better music. One thing Tropico 3 may be lacking is imports (you can only export goods in T3), which is included in T4, but other than that, T4 is no better than T3, and I think T3 outweighs T4. ,Posted: March 6, 2014The first time I bought Tropico I was looking for something different. Tired of the same old shoot-em-up stuff. Tropico had just come on the market and looked interesting. I was supprised at how much fun it was. i found it very addictive and ended up spending a lot of time in it. I tryed Tropico Pirate's cove but couldn't get into it. I saw that Tropico 3 had gone back to more the way it was and I wanted to play it again so I bought it. I am not sorry I did. There are some things I don't care as much for but overall I think it is a great game. I would recomend this to anyone.,Posted: December 17, 2016The Absolute Power expansion is simply a must if you happen to ever play Tropico 3. Without it, the game is almost literally an HD remake of the first Tropico, which came out in 2001. The store page summarizes the additions, but basically it adds more of most everything; key additions are an entire new suite of great (if utterly gonzo) scenarios, a new faction, some new buildings and a whole new category of edicts.The only problem is that the DLC integration with the base game is weird, probably because it came out around a time when Steam was just starting to offer DLC for games. This means that if you buy the Gold Edition pack you can't actually play the base game by itself; you must play Absolute Power. It doesn't even give you playtime for the base game, which is troublesome if you want to leave a Steam review...but there's still a way to do that if you're resourceful.Other than that, if you own Tropico 3 but not Absolute Power, you should probably fix that if you're interested enough in the game to do so and if it's on sale.,Posted: June 19, 2014Nothing is better than having El Presendente's Solid Gold Statue revolving around the city's town square and Nuclear Launch site, while a Civil War breaks out.11/10, would worship Glorious Leader,Posted: March 2, 2014The hardest of all Tropico games IMHO.  I personally enjoyed Tropico 4MT more, but this is a great game and beating it is a real challenge,Posted: March 4, 2014Eats Simcity for breakfast,Posted: December 18, 2013Sandbox is a blast once you understand how to run a great economy. Fun to increase the chance of revolution just to watch your lil police officers fight some rebegls.It's fun running your own island exporting and importing, making it a tourist attraction, and supplying your people with education. If that's your kind of game then get this :PCustomazation for your lil character isnt huge but it's okay.,Posted: November 26, 2017Tropico 3: Absolute Power takes what was already an excellent base game and improves on it in every possible regard. The Loyalist fraction adds another layer of strategic depth, the new Garbage Dump building allows you to manage pollution more effectively, wind turbines allow you to generate clean and cheap electricity, and even the Garages are now reasonably-sized. The Advanced Tutorials go into further detail than the original tutorial, and the almanac now explains how to deal with your people's numerous demands. The Campaign mode has some wonderfully silly missions, which include faking a cryptid to boost your tourism industry, stopping an alien invasion inspired by John Carpenter’s 'They Live', and escaping from a temporal loop.The only downside (aside from a few minor bugs) is that due to the weird way the DLC was integrated back in 2010, you can't play Vanilla Tropico 3 if you also have this expansion pack in your Steam library. Fortunately, you can still play through the original campaign with the new buildings and Loyalist faction, and having played Tropico 3 without this expansion pack, I have never regretted the upgrade.,Posted: May 25, 2014It is by far the best Tropico I have ever played.Relaxed gameplay, nice soundtrack, good graphics, funny sarcasm.Tropico III learned what was good and what was bad from Tropico & Tropico II, and Tropico IV was just a mere copy of this game.My one and only complaint: once you've learned how to manage your business, everything seems easier.It doesn't mean you won't play it anymore. As you can see by my playtime, I really enjoyed playing different maps and characters.Buy this game and enjoy your dictatorship."
"394"	"448750"	"Infinity Saga"	2016-02-29	2.99	"RPG,Indie,Casual,RPGMaker,Action,Adventure,Strategy"	"About This GameInfinity Saga's story revolves around Tetra, a teenage boy enrolled in college as an art major, who becomes smitten by teenage girl named Autumn through a social networking site. One day Tetra gets invited to Autumn's home for movie night, as well as to meet her cats. After running out of snacks, and unable to find Autumn's favorite chips, things go from bad to worse when the electricity goes out, and leaves Tetra and Autumn vulnerable to the evil lurking outside their door.Zombies!Yes Zombies, and a host of other horrors await our heroes in the game Infinity Saga. (As well as new friends!)Will our heroes be able to survive the onslaught of level grinding forced upon them? (Will you?)Will our heroes be able to formulate strategies and plans to dispatch hard to take down foes? (Not on your first go)Will Tetra get lucky and get a smooch? (Maybe more?)Will Autumn be able to save her favorite chips from the clutches of evil? (They are pretty damn tasty!)Only you can decide! But beware what lurks around the corner and save often.Game Features:ORIGINAL ART!-Pixelated Cat Petting!-Casual Play (Save anywhere and continue where you left off!)-Side Quests-Arcane Magic System-Skill System-7-9 Hours of Gameplay!"	"Posted: May 2, 2017https://youtu.be/4oquOyOwNDEA simple first date in watching movies goes horrible wrong when forces of darkness invade the world with zombies and other monstrous creatures.  Fortunately our protagonists have a unquenchable blood-lust and quickly take to murder as natural as breathing.The story beats are often campy with a lighthearted style that gives the game some welcome charm.  The downside of the experience is the combat system is uninspired and the random encounters don't offer any added enjoyment to the game and result in bogging down the interesting parts.,Posted: February 29, 2016Animation - GoodStory - FineMusic - FineHumor - WeirdThen how is it why I don't reccomend this game...Because the fighting system is boring as hell.It's not the actual fighting system istself is nothing wrong with it. Although you can't see your enemies health. The big problem is that it is repetitive as hell. And you keep fighting the same monsters every freaking 10 seconds! Hello!!!... let me explore a bit. Really really frustating.Also a problem is that suddenly when you almost at 100% health. You're entire party dies for some stupid reason, because your enemies suddenly unleashes a powerful combat spell.Want to watch me getting bored. Watch my gameplay video.https://youtu.be/X_FWBaZ9sY8,Posted: April 10, 2016+ Not expensive- Although I usually enjoy a certain amount of repetetition in games like this one, this is too much even for me. A bigger variety of enemies could probably make the game much less boring. - The character development is way too static. Characters learn predetermined skills by leveling up and you have no choice whatsoever.- There is no way to customize the controls.- No options whatsoever. (e.g. you can't adjust music or sound volume which is actually pretty annoying after a while)- Generic story, cliché charactersWould not reccomend.,Posted: February 4, 2018RPG Maker strikes again!   This is another low effort retro-pixel JRPG ripoff spamming the Steam catalog, made with the RPG Maker video game construction kit... in their own words, \"Our easy to use tools are simple enough for a child.\"This isn't even a good RPG Maker game.  The excessive playtime I have for this game was caused by my card idler going crazy and getting stuck for a day or so running in the background without dropping the cards (the only reason anyone would buy this game).  There certainly is nowhere near this much actual gameplay.Gamers who want a good retro gaming experience would be better off playing the original Final Fantasy games or one of the better RPG Maker games.Edit: In an attempt to stifle negative reviews on a game I found impossible to recommend, the developer flagged the review as \"off-topic\", causing the comment to be locked until Valve could intervene - a flagrant and deliberate misuse of Steams commentary system, demonstrating the developer has the same attitude towards customers as Digital Homicide, more famous for terrible treatment of customers than terrible games.  If only they put as much effort into making decent games instead of RPG Maker asset flips, they might not get as many negative reviews.Edit2: For a second time the developer attempted to abuse the Valve community system by flagging this review as \"Off-Topic\".  The flag is now cleared after a ticket was raised with Valve support.  So we have a completely hostile, immature developer incapable of handling valid and deserving criticism, and we have a truly awful game.  Let's go over how bad the game is from the community perspective:https://steamdb.info/app/448750/graphs/From the \"Players every day\" graph, we can see the game only ever got sales when it appeared in  bundles, first with the Groupees \"Comrade Miller\" bundle in April, 2016, secondly in January 2018 in the Fanatical Spotlight Bundle 4.   After this we see where the player average of 3.3 hours comes from... card idling.   The honest truth here is shown on SteamCharts:http://steamcharts.com/app/448750Those numbers do not lie... unless there's been a bundle sale and card idling, peak players for this game is in the low single digits.    There's two alternatives here.. the developer owns up to pushing an asset flip through RPG Maker to make a quick buck from card idlers, or the developer was serious about thinking he could develop a game... and if so, from my own direct experience \"playing\" the dismal train wreck, as well as the frosty, single digit player numbers which show nobody plays it, the game is objectively a failure in all respects, and this is 100% because the game is of absolutely terrible quality.,Posted: March 4, 2016i like the game so far. pretty fun. its kinda encouraging me to make my own with my own story thing i'm doing. i just wish the monsters did't do so much damage. i'm at the hospital & its hard yo get to the top of it with so many monsters spawning & kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ over & over. other than that... sooper fun. worth the money.,Posted: March 1, 2016This is a more classical type rpg for hardcore rpg fans. It has cute characters and awesome gameplay. From what I've played, the game is very funny and witty. It has that Final Fantasy/ Chrono Trigger charm! I've not encountered any crashes or problems. The game itself runs very smooth. The music and sound effects are amazing and keeps you on your toes. I'm really glad I took a chance and got this. It's a steal at the price the developer is asking and I would recommend it to everyone who like a good challenging strategic RPG game!,Posted: January 2, 2017This is a brillant little rpg with an amazing storyline Pros1) An amazing storyline with some witty jokes placed about2)Simple but not to easy game to play3)Cool battle systemCons1)The jokes sometimes are bad but nothing to badOverall this is one of my favourite games and i would have to give it a 10/10,Posted: April 23, 2016^.^ its been awhile since ive played this game and now that im playing it again everything has gotten considerably better. thank you very much for putting in the time and effort and actually listning to our complaints, the sound doesnt absolutly kill me now :P. i would and will definetly recommend this game to others.thank you Fox~koga~,Posted: December 25, 2016Now this is a fun little game....if you don't mind the grinding.Without spending some hours on bashing monster for cash and exp. you don't see the end.But it's worth the effort. And (warning a little spoiler) it warmed my heart to see true love.,Posted: January 11, 2018Fantastic game, highly recommended. A new experience coupled with a time honored style."
"395"	"314850"	"Haunted House: Cryptic Graves"	2014-11-25	NA	"Adventure,Horror"	"About This GameInspired by the classic Atari hit of the same name, the new Haunted House: Cryptic Graves™ is a terrifying, first-person, adventure-horror game filled with cryptic puzzles, supernatural entities and paranormal activity.You are Anya Graves, heir to Abaddon Grange, the estate of Zachary Graves - a notorious occultist and collector of all things supernatural. As the mysteries and terror of Abbadon Grange unfold, your true powers will awaken, along with a long-dormant evil... Communicate with the dead by using your special powers, including the ability to touch objects to glean information about their previous owner. Explore mysterious rooms and corridors throughout the haunted mansion, including the catacombs, garden maze, and laboratories, to uncover the truth about the estate’s dark past.Craft different powerful potions using the four elements of Alchemy: Fire, Air, Water, and Earth to help you explore different passageways and protect yourself from deadly apparitions.Evade horrid ghosts and enemies that possess supernatural abilities, including the Silent Stalkers, Jack the Ripper, Witch and more.  Solve the mysteries of the Haunted House® by helping the Ghost avenge his murder which will release his spirit from the houseDeveloped by Dreampainters, the seasoned team behind the critically acclaimed survivor horror game, Anna.Written by award-winning comics and videogame writer Gordon Rennie, scriptwriter for Killzone."	"Posted: February 20, 2017An absolute disaster! Where can I start?!CONS:- The game feels like it's not in Early Access, but in Pre-Alpha stage!!- The voice acting... ugh ...horrible! - Subtitles removed in a later patch (Jesus Christ devs, the hell did you do that for?!);- The game has a \"you know the word\" grain effect which I can't stand and it's absolutely hideous to play the game with it enabled and did I mention the fact that you don't have an option to disable it?- Buggy Achievements - I have tried my best but I have had it! I couldn't unlock not even a single achievement! although, of course, I did what I had to do so that the achievement/s should pop out!- The game needs a lot of resources (it has way higher system requirements than the recommended ones, listed on the game's Steam Store page) to run smoothly, although it doesn't offer neither great graphics nor interesting and \"the need to come back for more\" kind of gameplay;- Even if I had purchased it from a different digital online store alongside with a big -75% discount ($5), I still don't think that I had made a bargain at all! I also think the devs should have payed me the 5 bucks instead, for playing their broken and poorly optimized game!PROS:I'm sorry, but there aren't any pros in this one, only if it gets Removed from the Steam Store and then, I'll have one more game to count as a Game Removed from the Steam Store (I won't even...).FIN,Posted: November 25, 2014I have only played less than an hour and that's really all you need to see. So far from what I have played the game still feels like it's in Early Access. The voice acting isn't very good and the game doesn't run smooth at all. It almost feels like playing a game that is being streamed rather than something that was downloaded on my PC. Myself and a couple of other people have also noticed that you can't change the setting without it going back to the default settings after you hit apply. Now these issues (not the voice acting though) I'm sure will get fixed in a future patch. But for the $16.99 at the moment and it will go up to $19.99 once the sale ends. I would hold off on this game untill these issues are fixed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdzHR1a03tk&list=UUUI5L-pyfuGa2l_IlG1d7_Q,Posted: November 26, 2014If you don't want to read to the end, here is the tl;dr:  don't bother! So, where to begin?  Game beginningsGetting into the game was a bit of a trial.  No full-screen, drop-down settings which didn't seem to work, and no graphics settings to tinker with.  There is also no controller support so it's WASD and mouse all the way. Subtitle text is difficult to read (very cursive) but you might need them because the protagonist's voice is hard to hear.  That's the boring stuff done.Okay, on with the game then.  The opening grounds are more the setting for a family picnic and not at all ghostly.  Just one slightly curved path past a pile of shiny columns on one side, and what look like Mediterranean arches and Roman statues on the other - a curious setting for a haunted house with 'cryptic graves'.  Never mind. No old trees, no low mists, no overgrown foliage, just plastic-looking grass models that aren't animated.   It's hard not to notice these non-ghostly things because the only other thing to look at is your irritating accomplice: Stan.  He has a maddening habit of stopping dead and pivoting on one heel to face you, say something without moving his lips, then turning his body forward again a moment before his head snaps to follow suit.  And every 3-4 steps he does this same thing, and I was just about ready to punch him when we arrived at the house.  At last!  Finally, I was able to barge past Stan to the doors...Let me in!Now, no haunted-house game is complete without a heavy, creaking door slowly opening to reveal a dark interior.  So yeah, you guessed it: no creaking door...  Instead, clicking the doors zaps you back to the opening title screen instead.  Oh!  Has it crashed?  What happened?!   After a delay, the game cuts to you now standing inside the house, robbing you of any chance to hear the doors slam closed behind you (apparently they slammed shut while you were left staring in confusion at the title screen - oh well).   The mouse behaviour has been changed from mouse-look to mouse-click for no good reason whatsoever (a few curse words and bad tempered clicking fixed that) and so I prepared myself for what I hoped was a game that would be ten times better than the opening scene had been....Stan, Stan - Annoying ManIf you thought Stan was annoying before, he's no better now.  After a few words, he takes to pacing the same route back and forth repeatedly and doing nothing useful whatsoever, so I'm glad he's not on MY pay-cheque.  Oh wait - it's supposed to me playing the game, not Stan, right?  Okay - lots of doors to explore, so I'll make a start.  Maybe Stan will have paced the ground into an escape tunnel by the time I get back.Now, I was able to recognise the doors easily because, like in any game, they look like doors.  But for any gamers who don't know what doors are, you will be reminded with the word DOOR emblazoned in huge, white letters over them whenever you pass one.  Yet, the game is much less helpful in sharing things you need to know - like, well, how to proceed for starters.  You'll need to know because, whenever you try to open a closed door, a prompt helpfully tells you that \"it is not open\".  Well, obviously - which is why I'm trying to open it.  After a full trip around upstairs and downstairs without finding a single openable door, I returned to pacing Stan (he didn't seem to know what he was doing either).   I decided to restart at that point because there was simply nothing left to click on except some electrical equipment which non-helpfully pointed out that it was, er, electrical equipment - and yes, unusable.  Confused, I visited old friend Google.  It transpires that what you are supposed to do is poke pacing-Stan (there is no helpful prompt to inform you of this).  He will then stop pacing to tell you off about your inability to feel anything psychic (unfortunately, you don't get the opportunity to argue: \"Well, Stan, the plastic grass and shiny columns outside really didn't help the mood, ya know?\").  After that, it's back to trying things again.  Still no doors opening.  As pacing-Stan is the only thing that responds in the game, I finally attempted to poke his eye out with my mouse pointer and yes, I admit that was a little mean of me, but it resulted in him standing VERY close in my personal space and Saying More Things (capitalised for a bit of mood emphasis...).  It seemed that, for artistic effect, someone was pointing a flashlight directly up to his face (Blair Witch style) and his eyes were wide and staring, so I missed what he actually said in that horror moment (oh wait - this isn't one of the game scares...), but I was then teleported into a new area (I guess if I don't know what doors are, it cannot be hoped I could climb stairs...).Beyond Stan...I've now visited several bedrooms - and the graphic details are actually really very nice!  The drab curtains, the long-abandoned beds - they look jaded, dusty and forgotten - perfect!  But after admiring this work, it's back to frustration.  The first room I visited (well, teleported to) was a small bedroom with a wardrobe that won't open, an empty bird-cage thing and a child's drawings.  The door out of here is locked (this place sure loves locked doors).  Again, nothing seems to work at first, but it seems you must be VERY precise at clicking a set of crayons.  You're told to hit TAB to see them \"through the veil\".  Through the veil means a blinding blue and white swirl with strange ghostly noises.  The 'veil' told me nothing about why I was staring at crayons, but I could now drag a trunk around the room, a trunk I could not budge before staring at crayons.  Feel free to send me an explanation that particular connection.   And the game has been pretty much of this nature since.  Nice graphics let down by frustrating and shoddy implementation.   The first scare comes in the form of an entity similar to urban legend's Slender Man (no, not Stan).  It makes a groaning noise then snaps back to invisible (no ghostly fade).  I haven't had any run-ins with it yet.  But what strikes me now is the HUGE missed opportunity of this game to be good.  You can easily see where the atmosphere has been created, a foggy light makes everything a little blurry, the torn wallpaper almost creates the feeling of 'dank' and the bedding looks like it's stayed there unused for 50 years, so that's all nicely done.  It's BEGGING for chilling apparitions!  I'm sure our Thin Dude could be quite frightening if he didn't just jump in as a 2D cut-out and then vanish when you approach it.  Maybe he improves later, but to find out I will have to seriously force myself to continue playing - but I'm not sure I'm up to the task.ConclusionI would be cutting the game a little slack if this was an indie by a new developer and it was a couple of quid, but it's an Atari-published title.  The rooms have atmosphere for sure, but it's all let down by frustrating implementation.  I'm not sure whether this will be fixed by any patches.  There has already been (to the developers' credit) patches to fix launch issues, but I think the gameplay problems are likely bigger than any patch.  Sadly, a game I pre-ordered and waited a long time to try, and now I'm disappointed.,Posted: December 17, 2014Hmmm...so, Dreampainters, we meet again...   The first thing you'll notice when you start up Haunted House: Cryptic Graves is that the menu screen is a bit laggy; at the very least, that was the case on my snazzy new (not quite \"gaming\", but ALMOST \"gaming\") laptop which handles the likes of, say, Bioshock: Infinite and Outlast without any difficulty.  The second thing you'll notice is that if you go into Options to attempt to rectify this, you apparently CANNOT successfully apply any changes to the resolution.  Oooookay...1920 X 1080 it is (I usually settle for 1600 X 900, but let's splash out in this instance).  You can, however, change the Quality level from \"Epic\" to merely \"High\", which mostly solved my problems it seems.  Mostly.  Well, praise Beelzebub for small mercies...    So yes, it's been noted by others before me that this game still has quite a number of technical issues, and it's also been noted that some of the voice acting is a bit sub-par.  While our lead (female) protagonist is well-essayed, the first character we actually lay eyes upon is an elderly professor with all the charm of a rotting rodent who has, to be sure, been somewhat...let us be kind, and say \"eccentrically\" voice-acted.  It's a well-known aspect of the entertainment industry that no screenwriter who wants to work in Hollywood would dare to place a single word in italics, lest a precious actor be offended by being told precisely \"how\" to deliver their lines.  Well, the actor here could have used some such pointers, let me tell you, as he seems quite determined to place emphasis on PRECISELY the wrong words and leave pauses in PRECISELY the wrong places.  But hey...the first Resident Evil has some of the most shockingly God-awful voice-acting AND scripting in entertainment history and that game is a ♥♥♥♥ing MASTERPIECE, so let's just get past the nit-picking and start following the man in question down the (both literal and proverbial) garden path, shall we?  (At least for as long as he keeps moving, as he has an annoying tendency to turn around and just STARE at us, the old lech.)    Things fortunately pick up the second we actually arrive inside the house.  In addition to the expected grand entry hall complete with stairs and upper landings which we've seen in a million games before - but which, I must confess, sends a small tingle up the centre of my ballsac each and every time (I truly do love this spooky old♥♥♥♥♥♥) - we also have some modernisms one would be more likely to expect in a recent \"ghost-hunting\" TV show; lots of electronic gadgets and such.  Hmmm...okay...starting to get quite interesting now, and the sins of the first twenty minutes of gameplay/optimisation are starting to be forgotten.  I then spend the next ten minutes either talking to my charismatic host (who seems to be temporarily caught in \"broken record\" mode) or searching about and trying the many doors now available to me; I only manage to get one open, behind which is what appears to be a decidedly innocuous and tiny bathroom.  What now?  Erm...I'll try and talk to my companion AGAIN; perhaps he has something new to say now?  Lo and behold, he does!  At the end of which we are abruptly transported to...   A children's bedroom.  Another door I can't open.  The only thing I appear to be able to interact with is a trunk, which appears to have a small trap-door beneath it, but alas...how do I MOVE said trunk?  Basically I end up opening the trap-door, WITH the trunk still hovering precariously above it.  I'm getting a tad confused and bemused, to be sure, but at least I now have a key to open the door leading out of this room.     A corridor.  A plethora of predictably unopenable doors.  One eventually opens, and a few notes, keys and a lever-pull later I'm in an alchemy lab of sorts (there's a couple of reasonably spooky scares along the way here, but I'll just bypass those for the moment and stick to the negatives, since they're far more noteworthy on the whole).  I pick up what appears to be the \"recipe\" to a spell, and a nearby blackboard apparently allows me to craft spells by pressing \"C\" (good thing they're telling me what buttons to press in-game, 'cause there's certainly no ability to map controls in the Options menu, so we're flying a bit blind here).  To cut a long story short, it isn't long before I'm now STUCK in my new \"crafting\" menu, so a re-load appears to be in order...but first of all, let's Google this ♥♥♥♥er and see if anyone out there in cyberland can tell me what the controls are in this confounded game, as I also have yet to work out how to access my Inventory...er, presuming I actually HAVE one (I do keep picking stuff up)...   No faqs - I'll skip the video walkthroughs, thanks, I'm sick to death of those - and a wiki page which is EMPTY.  Metacritic it is, then!  Oh look...this isn't a very well-loved game.  I do, however, pick up a hint from a fellow punter's description of his own gameplay experience, and I discover that I should already know how to use my character's psychic \"power\".  Hmmm...funny that...there's also something about an insta-kill monster just up ahead, but one thing at a time.  Back to the game, and after some trial and error I discover that pressing the TAB button allows me to see everything in a blue-tinged haze with areas of interest duly highlighted.  Now we may be getting somewhere!  Since it wasn't too far back, I regress a save or two and redo the children's room, again working upon the basis of something I have just read.  Ah, look...I activate my newly-discovered power, interact with some crayons on a table, and now when I return to the trunk I CAN pick up and move the dang-blasted thing, in a \"hover-y\" manner similar to the Amnesia games!  BEHOLD!!  THE POWER OF CRAYOLA!!!  And yes, shortly after that, I did indeed go down some stairs and meet the insta-kill creature alluded to earlier; a creature I was supposed to be able to see with my power, I believe, but alas all I saw was my virtual self die twice and my real self hit the \"quit game\" button immediately thereafter.   I could mention a number of other problems this product has at this point - the fact that you can see through virtually every wall in the building simply by walking up to it, the fact that you get inexplicably stuck on anything remotely resembling a nook or a cranny - but what it all boils down to is, and it pains me to say this but...THIS GAME HAS AN AWFUL LOT OF POTENTIAL.  They just need to FINISH the ♥♥♥♥ing thing.  The current state it's in is barely forgivable for an \"Early Access\" game...and according to the Steam Store page, THIS ISN'T EVEN AN EARLY ACCESS GAME!!!    The developers, Dreampainters Software, released a game called Anna about a year-and-a-half ago, and while I ultimately gave that one a thumbs-down, I did concede that the devs showed definite potential, and declared that I was looking forward to their next release realising said potential.  SO WHY DID THEY GO AND ♥♥♥♥ IT ALL UP WITH A GAME WHICH ISN'T EVEN FINISHED?!  Man, I could almost cry.  Instead, I'm going to suck it up like a man, and wait maybe three to six months before checking this game out again, by which time many of the aforementioned problems will hopefully be fixed.  In all fairness to the developers, they do seem to be doing an AWFUL lot of updates of late, but for now I'm regrettably going to have to give this one a big, fat THUMBS-DOWN.  I do look forward, however, to seeing that thumb do a 180 sometime in the next six months or so...stranger things have certainly happened...Verdict: 4/10 (for now, at least)!,Posted: August 31, 2015I hope anyone considering buying this game will take notice that it has been ABANDONED by the developers. It has a lot of potential and they totally blew it by walking away and not even telling the people who paid them for this game, that it would not be fixed, nor supported in any way.ABANDONED GAME.....really crappy of the devs to do that.,Posted: November 26, 2014Truly an awful attempt.  But there was so much potential here.  Quite a shame.First thing you'll notice is that you can't change the settings.  It looks like it's changed but it automatically goes back as soon as you leave the settings page.   This would almost be acceptable if the rest of the game were ok, which it isn't.On my computer, which runs everything fine, the music pulsates in and out during the opening scene (and other times at random) until you reach the house.  The voice acting is atrocious.  Literally, I could have done better.   The game runs fine sometimes and stutters at other times.   Occasionally, the game jumps out of full screen and you lose control of the mouse and have to click back on the game again.  AND the  first enemy that you face will kill you repeatedly until you figure a way through.  He's invisible and isn't effected by crouching and hiding.   He just comes straight at you and kills you.The textures are nice, but outside of that, it feels like something that you would download from IndieDB for free--and then get frustrated with and quit playing.,Posted: February 28, 2015a game with a lot of potential...WASTED...l've been playing for 30 minutes and ,currenly it has :1) CHARACTER UNABLE TO CLIM STAIRS PROPPERLY2)BROKEN ACHIEVEMENTS3)WALL CLIPPING4) NO IN GAME VOICESl hope they fix those issues otherwise l feel my money has been stolen,Posted: November 27, 2014We need more solid horror games like Amnesia:The Dark Descent: games that look good, have excellent pacing and atmosphere and can actually be scary. This game is not that. And I advise anyone to stay away from this title and save your money. The voice acting is terrible, animations are poor, and its very buggy, I kept having to reload the first place I was whisked away too in an attempt to progress but was unable to do so thanks it constantly glitching when a certain event would not trigger properly. I had to watch a Youtube video to even know what to do when the event that should have allowed progression didn't work and then I still couldn't progress thanks to it being so glitched. Even getting that event to fire was a chore and required listening to more of the horrible dialog while watching our compatriot's lips not match what he said as well the subtitles not corresponding the actual spoken words.There's been a glut of subpar horror games ever since Amnesia proved that a good horror game could work and not only be intereting but actually build a sense of dread that is rare in the medium. This is a prime example of a subpar horror game; it was obviously rushed and that shows repeatedly, from the aforementioned voice acting and glitches to the fact that you have to be wary of the mouse cursor clicking through and giving you control issues and problems getting the resolution set properly. Even the amount of plot I did get to witness was inspid and hackneyed. Very disappointed in this title. The original Haunted House wasn't exactly scary considering it was the Atari 2600 but it was a great game for the day and even with the old limited graphics of that system its a far better game than this thing.,Posted: December 5, 2014The only thing cryptic about Haunted House: Cryptic Graves is how the developers could justify pushing this broken mess out the door. If there is one game that should be removed from Steam for being broken, this is it.,Posted: June 16, 2015This is not Atari this is some real poor publisher who bought the Atari name they took peoples money then removed things from this game like voice never fixed it and now are not supporting it and abandoned it completely yet made another game Alone in the Dark Illumination which is in no way besides name a Alone in the Dark game.. This company is dreadful and thieves. I advise DO NOT buy games from these failures."
"396"	"868770"	"Saint Kotar: The Yellow Mask"	NA	NA	"Adventure,Indie,Gore,Point & Click,Horror,Atmospheric,Mystery,Puzzle,Dark,Story Rich,Singleplayer,Third Person,Hand-drawn,Great Soundtrack,Classic,2.5D,Kickstarter,Exploration,Gothic,Psychological Horror"	"About This GameThe story takes place in Sveti Kotar, an ancient town that lies hidden in a mountain region of Croatia. It is a place tormented by agony and sorrow, kept alive by the faith of its furtive inhabitants.Follow the fear of Benedek Dohnany and Nikolay Kalyakin and play the onset of a dark and chilling narrative adventure. Switch control between these two fascinating characters and experience the reality around you change.Saint Kotar: The Yellow Mask is a free demo that lets you play the beginning of the full game Saint Kotar. It follows a mysterious set of events that lead to a macabre series of murders, allegedly related to devil worship and witchcraft.KEY FEATURES:Free prologue to the full game Saint Kotar.A glimpse of a vast and foreboding world to explore.Dark psychological horror set in a small rural town of Sveti Kotar.Hand-painted distinctive art style that fits the game’s mood.Eerie original soundtrack.Classically inspired point and click adventure gameplay.Switch between playable characters and different realities.Solve puzzles to unravel a captivating and mysterious plot.Meet weird and chilling characters."	""
"397"	"560990"	"Time Tenshi 2: Special Edition (DLC)"	2016-11-22	5.99	"Adventure,Indie,Simulation"	"About This ContentTHE GIRLS OF TIME TRAVEL...This DLC will upgrade Time Tenshi 2 to Time Tenshi 2: Special Edition! For an overview of the new features, please read below!(Please note: You must have the original version of Time Tenshi 2 on Steam in order to purchase and use this DLC. You will need to start a new save file.)Who will you romance?Your decisions in all the new choices throughout the story will influence which girls you can accompany in any of the in-depth new unlockable scenarios, covering everything from visiting new locations in history... to going on a date!Think carefully how you answer each choice to gain positive Affinity Points for that girl!About Time Tenshi 2: Special EditionExciting, well-written and in-depth new scenarios with plenty of suspense and ecchi!Romance-driven choices and multiple routes to unlock, with an ending that depends on your big decision!Quality, new character art, illustrations and backgrounds, all drawn by professionals!Plenty of ecchi fanservice moments throughout!All of us at Silver Cow Studio have worked really hard to bring you a high quality production, and we're confident you'll really enjoy the new features in this Special Edition of Time Tenshi 2!How far can the limits of time be stretched?What dangers does the future hold?And is the mysterious, ancient force... truly unstoppable?-- -- --,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"Who's more seek, the one who started making breast sizes of XXLLLLL+ in games (thinking that its beautiful?) or those who actually play such games. Its just disgusting, even watching screenshots was painful.,B/c its just a f*king joke honestly. Look how ridiculous those breasts look. I feel so so bad for the men that buy these trashy games. Clearly they want you to buy just so you can jerk your meat to the game. Well done. Im outta this disgusting forum. Seri...,Do you agree with me?,The boobs are big i'll give you that, kudos to the devs for getting their priorities straight but i'm here for plot.,The art looked nice, til I saw it was just a fap game. Oh my.Not my cup of tea. :c"
"398"	"675800"	"RC Plane 3 - Warbirds Bundle"	2017-08-07	3.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentUnlock 3 among the most iconic WW2 fighter planes at 1:10 scale, all coming with retractable gear and perfect for WW2 era dogfights. - Spitfire - Bf-109- P-51"	"My friend and I are both failing to load the server list, or register with the master server as a host.  Is the multiplayer part of this sim still supported?  Anyone else have absolutely no response from the master server?,pls tell how to get the game heli 3,I bought the DroneGP and CP350, and both only show continuous loading screen.,Hardly work at all, and no presets.,How the heck do you ch ange the camera! it is driving me nuts!"
"399"	"525441"	"RPG Maker VX Ace - Medieval Music Pack"	2016-10-20	NA	"Design & Illustration,Web Publishing"	"About This ContentPlease note: The content of this pack are identical to the RPG Maker MV version of this DLC.Hark! What sounds are these that seem from of old? Music made from lute and recorder, frame drums and harpsichord, verily these are instruments of days gone by. What, then, could be better for games set in medieval times? Naught, I tell you. Hasten, then, to add these twenty tracks to your collection!Lo and behold, now set before you is a plentiful pack of musical tracks that hearkens back to times of old. An age gone by, of kings and knights and chivalrous flights of adventure bold. Hear the lute, viol, and shawm... recorder, harpsichord and drums... crumhorn, bombarde, fidule too. An ensemble of early sounds, tis true. Prithee, add these to your game, to fit the era in sound and name.This pack contains:20 total tracks including 5 Battle, 4 Dungeon, 3 Field, 3 Theme, and 5 Town tracks!.ogg, and .mp3 formats included.Royalty free music to use in your commercial and non-commercial RPG/IG Maker projects.Authentic-sounding instrument and melodies bring a touch of realism to your projects."	"We are happy to announce the Steam version of Manga Make ComiPo! is now available in Chinese.store.steampowered.com/app/262490/Manga_Maker_Comipo/To change language open the property menu from your steam library, and select Simplified Chinese on the language tab.Chinese and English versions on Steam are fully compatible.We hope you enjoy making short and fun manga!,yes i am almost in the beta testing for my game and wondering how i can have friends beta test it without owning RPG maker...is there a way to do it?,Are you able to create a 3D style RPG like Legends of Grimrock with this software?If not does anyone know of a software that will?Thank you for any info you can give.,I want to make a cutscene that involves moving the camera separately to the player for a gag. if some one could help me with that i'll grateful. thanks!,Hey, I'm looking for a way to make a limit to how many enemies someone can encounter per map(Like in Undertale genocide.). I'd like it to be something like in the troops' event tabs it changes something, increasing by one, and will stop letting the player...,I'm looking to make the currency units in this US dollars. I know how to change G to $, but I want it to be like if you had 500 G you'd have $5.00 instead of $500, and having 50 G would be $0.50 instead of $50. Any help is greatly appreciated, and if ther...,Posted: May 3i don't think i've completed a single project yet but i am DETERMINED"
"400"	"811430"	"Karate Krab - Red Sea"	2018-03-23	NA	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentKarate Krab - Red Sea is a free update. This update includes 6 hard bonus levels in a brand new sea."	"i bought the new DLC, yet it fails to even download, it shows \"not installed\"please fix! thanks.,Hey guys!Who else is excited for this game, Ill be copping on release.,...make an appearance?,\"  NO, THIS IS PATRICK!  \""
"401"	"810970"	"Additional Character \"Ilmeria\""	2018-05-29	9.99	"RPG"	"About This ContentIlmeria Von Leinweber will be added as a party member.Party members can be selected under \"Formation\" in Main Menu.New Combination Arts with Ilmeria will also become available, increasing the variation of skills employable during battles in different team formations.Furthermore, new events and dialogs featuring Ilmeria will also be added to the game. *This content will become available after Chapter 7.*This content is also included in the \"Atelier Lydie & Suelle Season Pass.\""	"Wow, looks like KT is the new Aksys. After most previous Atelier games have had a dub, KT decides to say ♥♥♥♥ you to fans by suddenly not dubbing the end of this trilogy.  Not only that,  but they're charging full price,  plus their outrageous DLC prices,...,wow. x4 price for russia. If firis cost 1000 rubles, so this 4000. for comparison, the average salary of a russia is 15-30k rublesGoodbye KTI played from  the time of rorona, but now break until better timesUPD Unfortunately, we cannot explain the p...,Didn't Nelke supposed to be released 03/26 ? I hope that it don't get delayed for some reason. No page on Store 4 days away from release...,I am following the game since it appeared on Steam and have it in my wishlist. But it'sclearly overpriced for Russia (and Steamdb shows that it's _only_ Russia - Argentina, Turkey and even China have better prices). I was sure that it's omission that wil...,Koei, don't be ignorant please."
"402"	"851250"	"Sleeping Dawn VR"	2018-09-28	NA	"Action,Adventure,Indie,Casual,Survival Horror,Procedural Generation,VR"	"About This GameSleeping Dawn finally comes to VR! Awake in the grotesque world of Sleeping Dawn in first person, face creatures mirror of your deepest fears with your hands, dive yourself into this purely dark atmosphere and fight to dominate your unconscious fears and anxieties.Procedural mazeGet ready to face this huge procedurally-made maze by looking for the exit. Each single game will be different from the previous one because, at your awakening, the maze will change all the paths.You will have 4 tools to use with your hands: Torch: the only source of light that allows you to rip fog and the shadows that populate the mazeStick: the improvised weapon that gives the courage to face the most annoying creaturesRocks: the best tool to distract enemies returning into the shadowChalk: the best friend to avoid getting lost between dead ends and crossroadsDistribute them based on your play-style but use them with caution because each is a double edge weapon.Losing your way is as easy as losing your companions. Splitting the group is never an easy choice, but sometimes it may be necessary.Your target is the same: manage to escape from this gloomy maze, but remember… the way out must be first opened. Two levers defended by two keepers must first be found and operated to make the exit passable.Hypnagogia: fear became realKeep in your mind where you are and be careful on each way you chose: even the right one is full of obstacles. Dark creatures and obscure presences will threaten your journey: how facing them or when avoiding them is your decision.Learn from the mistakes you make, keep your fears down, study your enemies and cooperate. But remember... Time is your worst enemy: you have only few minutes to solve the mistery of the maze and find the exit."	"Posted: September 29, 2018Was worth the wait, so far was the best coop horror VR game to be released will definitely  come back to this every so often for a good challenge.,Posted: October 1, 2018The atmosphere is great when you first start but you quickly become aware of how the 7 enemies in the game work and the spook factor quickly wears off.The gameplay itself is limited; there isn't much you can do. Your goal seems to be to find 3 levers and get to the exit, but the way this procedurally generated map is designed along with the very limited amount of time you're given to do this makes the task seemingly impossible.You can only change between 10-20-30 minutes of time, but it's complete RNG how the maze is generated or whether you'll be close to any sort of objective that you need to find. The amount of time it takes to find stuff, while also navigate and leave markings behind leaves you with no time to actually play the game.What ends up happening is attempted speed runs, where you ignore all the scary stuff (i.e. the point of the game) once you've learned how it all works and you just run around avoiding stuff trying to get to the levers as fast as you can. This seems to be the only way to win currently, unless you get really lucky with your spawn.On top of the glaring gameplay issues, the game itself runs poorly. There's a type of memory leak in the game which only happens when you tilt your head any amount downwards, so the longer you play, the laggier your headset becomes until looking down basically paralyzes you. This makes drawing markers on floor nearly impossible, and interacting with items on your belt a challenge unless you look up while grabbing for things. This issue was present for both me and my friend.In the end we both refunded and cannot recommend this game; the concept is there but the execution is very poor."
"403"	"560730"	"The Esoterica: Hollow Earth"	2014-01-06	3.99	"Casual,Adventure,Hidden Object"	"About This GameThe fabled land of Agartha awaits your discovery in Esoterica: Hollow Earth! Experience an edge-of-your seat sci-fi adventure that will take you to the depths of the planet, the bad guys nipping at your heels every step of the way!Guide young Stephanie as she follows clues for locating and activating a machine her grandfather built that can tunnel through Earth to the lost continent of Agartha. When disaster strikes in the bowels of the planet, you'll have to employ your skills of observation and your wit as you search for skillfully hidden objects and solve devious puzzles. Then help Professor Stone, Stephanie's missing grandfather, keep his discoveries out of the hands of the vile Count Stauffenberg, whose plans could destroy the planet! Finally, take an active role as the two storylines collide in a stunning final act!Dazzling art, professional vocal work, and jaw dropping production values will be your companions as you explore underwater caves, a subterranean jungle teeming with bizarre life forms, and the laboratory of an evil genius. Just be careful who you trust.Don't miss Esoterica: Hollow Earth, an amazing journey inspired by the pages of classic sci-fi, complete with all of the wonders and thrills!Features:- 3 episodes of adventures and mysteries- 125 locations in stunning graphic style- 40 smart mini-games- 25 mysterious HO scenes- exciting graphic novel- 29 card deck from the encyclopedia world Agartha!"	"Posted: March 13, 2018I enjoyed this game to a degree. The game has some nice art, good character design, good voice-overs, well made hidden objects scenes which you visit twice, one with a list of the words and the second time they give you silhouettes to spot. (although I had to click twice on some of the objects to get them). http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1327555301My problem was the story. It was nice in the first part with the main character who had a strange dream about her grandfather then woke up to find out she received a letter from him. When she arrived in his house, she realized that dream was actually a sign of what is going on, and that alone made her set up for an adventure. After she reached her destination the story became so rushed, I couldn't even read most of the sentences in the final cutscene! I didn't understand what happened at all. One of the characters suddenly disappeared with no explanation, and the other character who was sent to help didn't actually do anything unless it was the portal he opened to let her escape  The story has a good potential, I enjoyed it if I ignore the ending which I had to watch some videos to be able to read it. It would have been easier if the rest of the cutscenes were voiced like the first half of the game.I've encountered a glitch in one of the puzzles which you had to rotate some emblems, I solved it but the game didn't register the last one. I had to quit the game completely and re-launch it, thankfully it worked since I wanted to get all achievements. There is also another issue with one of the achievements which require you to watch all cutscenes without skipping it, including the intro cutscene which always plays whenever you launch the game. If you are after the achievement don't skip the intro cutscene no matter how many times you've watched it. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1328691766Music was OK, nothing special but they are not bad. What I didn't like is the lack of map! There is some backtracking, not always though but still, a map would have been a nice addition but on the other note, I liked the journal so much as well as the punch cards which give you extra information about either the area or the characters.Pros:+Beautiful artwork.+Good soundtracks.+Good voice overs.+Good journal.+Well made hidden object scenes.+Good story with rushed ending (You need to read quickly in the cutscenes, especially the ending)+Collectibles. +Steam achievements. Cons:-No map.-Rushed ending.There was one of the mini-games which were really hard and took me a while to finish it! The game is OK overall. If you have it give it a go and play it, if you want to purchase it, I recommend you waiting for a discount or a bundle. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1328692075𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑚𝑜𝑟𝑒 𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑒𝑤𝑠 𝑐𝘩𝑒𝑐𝑘 𝑚𝑦 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟 𝑝𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑛𝑎'𝑠 𝐶𝘩𝑜𝑖𝑐𝑒,Posted: December 19, 2018Esoterica: Hollow Earth is a bit aged hidden object game. The story of the game is quite interesting, i believe its better on that part than most of the other hidden object games. Sadly the last part, ending included, is a bit disappointing.The game is well drawn, hidden object scenes are ok. The minigames felt sometimes more complicated than in other hidden object games, the paint puzzle is very hard. There are some other issues with some more minigames, which not annoying if you can skip these but if you like to get achievements then you need to keep suffering on it while you sometimes think the minigame is bugged. (hints: quit to menu and click play if the minigame at the guard room looks bugged and at close to the end click the right very bottom part of the statues once you done with setting them to the right position).Sadly the game dont have a map function, so you cant check in which zone are you eligible for some actions. On other hand the whole story is episodic so you never have more than a few active zones at the same time.The best part about this game is the collectibles. Its total optional but each of them provide lore about the world, characters and so on. This offers a quite unique atmosphere to this HoG as other games from this category usually not providing such background informations.Do i recommend this game? The answer is easy, yes (even if few minigames felt very annoying) If you like HoGs then this is a decent and cheap choise. 4-5hours entertainment with the nice extra lore provided by the previously mentioned collectibles is definetly worth the usual 0,99eur/usd sale price or even the full price if you dont want to wait for a sale.Hey, iam an achievement hunter! The completion of the game takes about 4-5hours. You wont find any written guide on the internet just videos and well, you know, thats a waste of time as those are too long. But you dont need any! You just need to complete the game without hints and skipping minigames or video cutscenes and you can do that on any difficulty. Some minigames are challenging tho, especially the painting one. Its not required to collect the collectibles for the achievements.This review was created for Average Achievement Hunter curator Follow my curator if you like to see achievement related informations (completion time, difficulty to get all achievements) on store page of the games.https://store.steampowered.com/curator/30168383-Average-Achievement-Hunter/ The curator group dont mark any game as recommended so it shows useful information about achievements on the store page of the games without influencing the main store page of steam with recommendations + all games sorted to lists based on expected completion times. No point not to follow!:-),Posted: March 10, 2017Wowza. Such potential for this game with a sorta Indiana Jones theme that does so well and then...stops. Actually, numerous things stop. For some reason halfway through the game the voice acting stopped (thank goodness the music worked and I had text on screen), the back half of the puzzles became excessively buggy to the point I could not complete a mosaic puzzle and had to click the damned 'skip' button thereby missing the achievement. Previously closing the game and reopening it fixed most issues but this one tested my patience big time. So, the final thing that stopped was the story because blink and you'd miss the sweeping resolution for everything in the space of 15 seconds and credits roll. Felt a bit of a cop out when you were just getting invested in the characters, and up until that point I was really enjoying the story (hindered by those bugs grr). Puzzle mix was good, hidden objects fine, music was terrific but overall the game ruined by bugs and a forgettable ending. Damn.,Posted: August 4, 2017Short version: 62%Jules Verne meets 1930s pulp adventures in this very short and often tediously slow hidden object game, which takes us on an exciting race to reach a mysterious civilisation living at the center of the earth.Long version:If you like adventures, then the introduction video of The Esoterica: Hollow Earth will captivate you instantly. It promises an exciting race between our heroine and her grandfather’s greatest nemesis to reach an ancient underground civilisation; imagine something akin to Verne’s Journey to the Center of the Earth, if it was adapted to a pulp adventure novel with steampunk elements. The biggest difference is that the story in our case focuses on the preparations, where the promised destination is just the pay-off (and the sequel bait) at the end of the game.While the writing was good, the gameplay fares a lot worse. Many parts—including the traditional point ‘n’ click segments and the conventional puzzles—are slow, repetitive, and often take forever even when the solutions are obvious. The rest of the game, including the hidden object scenes, fare better, but Esoterica still asks for far more patience from its players than any casual game ever should.,Posted: March 7, 2017Despite nice graphics and music, as well as flavorful cut-scenes, this casual point-and-click adventure is underwhelming. The story is poorly constructed and often silly, and many of the mini-game puzzles are just tedious rather than clever.,Posted: March 31, 2017The game does have some good ideas and interesting locations, but it's just too broken and by far not polished enough to recommend it.The main problem with the game are the minigames and the fact that some of them simply don't work. Restarting the game fixed it for me, but it happened way too often. The fact that the text based cutscences just rush by with barely enough time  to read the text takes away a lot from the plus side of this game.Overall it's not a completely terrible game and I quite like the atmosphere of it, but it's just too annoying to play to give it a recommendation.,Posted: March 23, 2017I am so disappointed to have to give this game a negative review, because the art and graphics really are extremely gorgeous, and it had such potential. That said, there are just too many things wrong with this game to make the pretty art worth it.Starting with the biggest issues, the game seems to suffer from a lot of bugs: at least one achievement is buggy, halfway through the game the voice acting suddenly stopped during the cutscenes and I have no idea if that was a bug or a \"feature\", many puzzles are quite temperamental (I had to restart my game to get a couple of them to work), and a lot of the time, during HOS you have to click on the correct object repeatedly or on a specific part of it to get it to register.A lot of the puzzles are also very confusing and their description/info is just not adequate enough to explain how you should solve them (that damn helicopter blueprint puzzle). Also, my pet peeve is when a HOG wants to send me ten areas back to a random room where a HOS has reactivated with absolutely no hint or reason why I should go there (and no map showing active areas). As for the story, it starts out interesting with a lot of potential, but it just turns into a mess as you proceed, and it gets so random and nonsensical that it almost feels like a big chunk of the game is missing. Especially the final cutscene, boy was that a cop-out. This, combined with the relatively short gameplay time, the disappearing voice acting, and the declining puzzle quality makes the entire game feel very, very rushed, as if it was abandoned halfway through and the second half was just hastily thrown together.Overall, this game was a waste of good ideas, great music, and excellent art.,Posted: June 25, 2017Imaginative plot based on the hollow earth legend. The game is casual in every way. No stress and mostly relaxing. I like hidden object games. What I don't like about hidden object games are the timed achievements. This game has only one, which is a positive for me. Overall it is entertaining.,Posted: August 17, 2017Product received for freeThanks to Lilly for giving me this gameThe goodBright, colourful visualsReasonable voice actingNo pixel hunting in the HO scenesInteresting story mechanism with the cardsStrange storySome challenging puzzlesThe badThe HO scenes are too easyNo replay valueMusic can be repetitive and annoying Storyline becomes ridiculous in places,Posted: March 30, 2017The game is buggy, making it possible to finish it, not to mention the buggy achievemnts, and since this is not the only game with bugs from Alawar, I will avoid HO games from them."
"404"	"592790"	"Box Maze - Valentine's Skin Pack"	2017-02-10	0.99	"Strategy,Action,Adventure,Indie,Casual,Sexual Content,Nudity"	"About This ContentCharacter SkinsTired of the same old box face?Then it's time for a makeover.This DLC contains the following 6 Box Maze player skins used to change the appearance of your character in game.1. Blind Love2. Cupcake3. Heart Broken  4. Hearts in a Box5. Surprise in a Box6. Sweet Kevin"	"My player is invisible both in the beta version and the non beta verion of the game,Feel free to post feedback here.,Give us your thoughts on what new achievements you would like added to the game during early access.,I noticed most players seem to quit around the 40-50% range of achievement completion, is there anyone out there who has 100%?  Would be awesome to know any tips or a guide for the secrets :),Is the save system broken for anyone else? I saved but when I hit L to load it just makes a really irritating sound and killed me 200+ times in a matter of seconds and the game locks up."
"405"	"1049220"	"Naxia"	NA	NA	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie,Gore,Violent,Early Access,Hack and Slash,Story Rich,Singleplayer"	"Don't Forget To,About This GameNaxia is a arpg game with deep and wide combat system of hack-and-slash Gameplay in a new fantasy world. A world that is the new battleground of Angels and Demons. You can be either the female protagonist of the story who survived alone or be any of the three male protagonists, a Former member of the imperial mages consul, a sell sword Barbarian or a cold blood Necromancer, and develop your fighting skills beside your magic powers and ability.While the world is changing by suspicious activities of demons and angels who are looking to capture the source of power of the earth, you are recruited by commander Skye to empower his recently formed army. The adventure of each character is unique and specialized for him/her as they experience their own different-personal plot. The game features a unique mechanic called Rage Form that allows players to shape shift into an inhuman creature!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ KEY FEATURES  Deep and Wide Combat System   Dynamic and Fast-paced Action  Four Different Playable Classes with Different and Unique Gameplay  Different and Deep Story for each Class  Different type of enemies (+20 type)   Extensive Character Development  Procedural Content  Different type of Bosses  Crafting System  Unique Skill Tree and Rage Form for each Class  Rogue-Like Dungeons and Battle Arenas  Collect Hundreds of Items  Xbox and PS Controller Setup  Secrets  Reclaim Skill Points ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Combat SystemDeep combat system of hack-and-slash, new experiences by presenting different kinds of combat system mechanics, like action adventure games with unique combo chains that are a combination of melee or range movement, sets and spells.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Execution3 Different Unique Execution for each enemy.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ EnvironmentsTravel through 12 unique worlds with lots of interiors to discover.Different seasons and environments.From Darkest Forest To Hottest Desert, From Highest Mountain To Deepest Dungeon.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Character Development Find Items in the game by completing quests / Killing enemies / Finding reward chests. Cloths   Shoulders  Boots  Gloves  Weapons +100 Armor Type+20 Weapon Type------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Spells  17 Unique Spell  for each character with 4 level of upgrade.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Procedural DungeonsDungeons are generated procedurally every time you enter, meaning you'll have to be prepared for anything!!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 360° viewChange view 360° to see Naxia world better.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Communityhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=657770652,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This Game may contain content not appropriate for all ages. Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content."	""
"406"	"324460"	"Magicmaker Demo"	2014-09-19	NA	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	""	""
"407"	"882270"	"Clicker Heroes 2 Soundtrack"	2018-07-16	7.99	"Strategy,Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentAll music from the Clicker Heroes 2 game!Track list:1. Prologue2. Prepare3. Grow4. Grind5. Dream6. Run7. Endure8. Annhilate9. Decide10. Rise11. Shine12. Attack13. Conquer14. Breathe15. Ascend"	"Hey Clickers! Today we’re releasing a new experimental build which introduces Ethereal items, World Traits, Offline Progress, The Cave World, difficulty scaling changes, Performance improvements,  and many QoL changes and bug fixes. There’s still some polishing needed before it’s ready for live, but we wanted to let you try things out as soon as possible. To participate in the experimental: Restart Steam. Go to Library -> Right click on \"Clicker Heroes 2\" -> Properties -> Betas. Type \"ibackedupmysave\" into the beta access code field, click \"Check Code\". It should unlock \"experimental\" in the dropdown menu. Choose \"experimental\" and wait for the update to download. Note: Experimental versions do not carry over to the live version of the game so be sure to opt out of the beta when you want to switch back to playing Cid and keep your progress. Note #2: We’re still working on the Mac update and it will come later tomorrow.Ethereal ItemsEthereal items are special items you earn as you progress through the game and they award you with special buffs and modifiers that will help you on your journey to reach higher gilds and take on new World Traits.  World TraitsAs you progress from Gild to Gild you will encounter new World Traits that will bring some variety and uniqueness to each new Gild and make you think about which skill tree build and Ethereal items will work best to get you to the next one!Difficulty Scaling and Gild Bonus Damage ChangesSignificantly increased the rate at which worlds get harder so it no longer takes months of play to reach content where player skill matters. Gild Bonus Damage has also been increased so that early Gild worlds do not feel harder than the last world of the previous Gild.Offline ProgressYour hero will continue to progress for up to 12 hours while the game is closed or if you are playing another hero.Cave WorldExplore the Cave world which adds 4 new environments, 30 new monsters, and 1 terrifying world boss to the game.Wizard The Wizard is Temporarily Disabled while we work on Wizard specific Ethereal items. Quality of life changes Clickstorm and Critstorm now click twice as fast when they start, and their speed doubles every minute Added a way to scroll through automator sets when you have more than five. Automator point nodes from the skill tree now give 2 automator points. New gilds now start with the first few skill tree nodes unlocked. Added new automator stones for boss fights, preload, gild worlds, and distance from monsters. Huge clicks no longer shake the screen if screen shakes are disabled. Added new extended variable system for storing character specific save data. Improved scroll buttons in Automator tab. Added character level to world select panel. Moved world automation to world select panel so the Wizard has it available when he’s re-enabled. Updated the wording of some Automator stones and gems to be more consistent. Added an option to purchase nodes without confirmation popup. Added an option to disable the UI when the game is not in focus.  Made the UI toggleable with a keybinding. (no keybinding by default)  Added time until next Ancient Shard timer to stats tab. Added a button to restart your Gild if you feel your build is not the best it could be. Bug Fixes Fixed a bug that set Cid’s damage to 1 and made the game unplayable past a certain point. Fixed a bug that could crash the game on startup if a certain key was pressed. Fixed a bug that caused new Environments not to appear. Fixed an issue where buying Automator points from the ruby shop did not update skill tree displays. Fixed an issue where double digit automator sets did not properly display their number.  Fixed an issue that was slowing down the time it took to go from one automator set to another.  Hopefully fixed the issue that was causing the game to crash after being open for long periods of time.,Being on experimental, getting ethereal items.. though is it possible to see the world traits somewhere? Nothing is displayed on the world selection screen.. having looked everywhere..Thanks ,Hey Everyone! Ethereal item drop UIIn our last post, we showed you the new Ethereal Item panel UI, but we were still finalizing the UI for Ethereal Item drops. We’ve finished that up last week and are now mostly complete with the UI and implementation. Offline ProgressOffline progress has been a major issue we’ve been trying to tackle. In Clicker Heroes 1 offline progress was simple because it only needed to check what your damage was and how far that would let you go. With Clicker Heroes 2 it was a much more difficult problem because we wanted it to accurately simulate the Automator and using skills. Because of this decision we needed a way to make the gameplay the amount of time you were offline in a short amount of time. There were a number of issues we had to tackle to make this possible, but over the last few weeks we’ve.* Fixed an issue with offline progress that caused the game to occasionally crash when new environments were loaded* Fixed a number of memory leaks that occurred during offline progress that would cause the game to crash.* Rewrote and optimized a lot of functions, systems, and skills that drastically increased the amount of time it took to calculate offline progress.First 5 skill tree nodes unlocked on GildA few progress updates ago we mentioned that we added an Automator Stone for the first World of Gilds. Now we’ve also made it so the first 5 skills are unlocked on Gilding which will allow for creating Automator builds that help you get through the early worlds of Gilds.---If you haven’t already, also be sure to check out our previous updateshttps://www.reddit.com/r/ClickerHeroes/comments/b96ud1/development_progress_update_ethereal_items_ui_and/https://www.reddit.com/r/ClickerHeroes/comments/aswj5y/state_of_the_game_and_upcoming_changes/https://www.reddit.com/r/ClickerHeroes/comments/b1mb4u/development_progress_update_ethereal_items_world/,You need to take a step back and check how will the big picture of the game is going to be like!I wouldn't want an incomplete game, that has so much to offer- to just scrap metal with what it has and not purify itself and become a gem!the first game i...,It said is live now on experimental.I would like to know if someone get it and how.Thx.,When firing impulse (the green line) is there difference in delay between activation of first stone and activation, say 10th stone? Or the delay is the same for any stone?EDIT: to clarify, the impulse travels longer distance over the line, but also seem...,Posted: April 28Early Access ReviewWaste of time, don't bother. It's got very little going on for it. Updates have all bust stopped. About 10 or so days ago they gave us an update saying \"they were still updating\"... so this is basically a cash grab.,Posted: April 29Early Access ReviewHello guys we made this game and abandoned it,Posted: April 29Early Access ReviewI'm waiting so long for good update while beta.The problem is that this game is not updated frequently.Basically, Early access games need a lot of update in order to get user's feed back.Because this is the well known best practice to create a good software in Agile software development.,In our last update we discussed Ethereal items and how they were implemented, but missing assets and UI. Last week a lot of work was done on the functionality of the UI like dragging and dropping Ethereal items and adding tooltips, but the artwork was still missing. Old UIThis week we’ve begun adding in the artwork for the UI and we’ve also finished up the Ethereal item artwork. More work still needs to be done, but we’re getting closer every day. New UIOur focus now is on polishing up the UI and balancing. Once that is complete we'll let you know more, but let us know what you think so far!,Let it cost 250 rubies. Very easy to break the whole build!Write \"+\" if you agree this point."
"408"	"772670"	"Beyond the Invisible: Darkness Came"	2018-02-21	4.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual,Hidden Object"	"About This GameBeyond the Invisible: Darkness Came is a hidden object adventure that will challenge even the most seasoned detectives. Despite your role as an seasoned investigator, you've fallen into a trap! Will you become the next victim, or will you step beyond the boundaries of this world and battle Darkness in its lair? The choice is yours.Some unexplainable abductions have recently taken place in Gateville. Guide Detective in this terrifying hidden object mystery game and clarify what is happening in town. Are you brave enough to step beyond the edge of this world and fight the tenebrous forces of evil in their own lair?Intriguing PlotWhen night falls, visitors are not welcome anymore in a lone town. Discover why people are vanishing from town as you live an unusual chain of events with many shocking twists.Puzzle solvingFind several items in each stage to unveil why people are disappearing in deadly bizarre circumstances. Squeeze your mind to overcome this dangerous threat and save the world from darkness.Captivating visualsThe game features magnificent hand-drawn graphics which capture the atmosphere of an old town absorbed by gloomy shadows. It also contains a profound soundtrack which makes your hair stand on end."	"Posted: March 28, 2018I gave this game a day before deciding to review it but sadly my decision to write a negative review hasn't changed. First of all, I wouldn't call it a 'Hidden objects game' when there is only FIVE scenes, two of them are repeats which you'll have to return to again and find more items, so there are actually only three hidden objects scenes in the whole game including the bonus chapter. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1344068691Now the story is a fantasy one. Yes, you start off as a detective who arrives in some town to solve a disappearance mystery, you even witness a kidnapping from an evil shadow right in front of your eyes. and they never mentioned what happened to that girl who was kidnapped. she just disappeared from the whole game.  After that, the game takes a fantasy turn with all the elves story- which I'm OK with if the dialogue was better and the story wasn't all over the place. I disliked the voice overs so much, especially the main woman. Everything sounded so forced and they don't say the same thing written in the subtitles! I understand how these games are made but at least make things seem a little bit logical. Why would someone carry a lemon in their bag? Or why do I have to get water, putting it next to some raging fire to heat it up to melt some strawberries and get only ONE! And those actions takes forever to finish as the animation is pretty slow. Aside from that, the game is not clear at all with its objects. You'll have to find many scattered items in order to do a specific action. (I've played on extreme difficulty, it may be different with the casual one) Oh and mentioning the difficulty, there are THREE achievements related to gameplay mode. You'll have to play each one in order to unlock it which I find it very ridiculous. They should of let us unlock them all when we play the hardest difficulty, but nope, you'll have to play it three times to get 100%.The only thing I enjoyed is the art of this game, the locations looked really good, details of the hidden objects scenes are good too. However I didn't like the characters design at all, none of them appealed to me.  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1337996345http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1344752482Fast traveling map is available and allows you to move from a location to another since there is a lot of backtracking in this game. The lack of journal made me sad however there is a detective board which shows you the progression of the story and some of the backstory of the characters (they are actually two) and the relation between the items you are collecting. Pros:+Fast travel map.+Well done art, areas look really good.+Steam achievements. (Require you to play the game three times to get 100%)Cons:-Bad Voiceovers.-Not good story (Ended badly)-No replay value.The main character's humorous lines and jokes, whenever he encounters anything, wasn't funny at all, and his constant line of 'Hell's bells' was very annoying. I was debating on giving this game a thumb up but after playing the bonus chapter I knew this should be a total thumb down. The extra chapter was random. It doesn't explain why everything changed (even if its hallucination) why everything turned back to how it was before you arrived in the city? What happened to the scroll you took by the end of the main chapter? So many things were not explained and I'm sorry but don't recommend this game.𝐹𝑜𝑟 𝑚𝑜𝑟𝑒 𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑒𝑤𝑠 𝑐𝘩𝑒𝑐𝑘 𝑚𝑦 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟 𝑝𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑛𝑎'𝑠 𝐶𝘩𝑜𝑖𝑐𝑒,Posted: March 1, 2018I love Hidden Object/point and click adventure games, but this was a a pretty bad one. The story starts off with a detective investigated a seemingly haunted town and then it turns into Warhammer Fantasy with High Elves (the leader of which looks like Evangeline Lily just a little too much) popping up let and right.The story was pablum, the puzzles were dull and the hidden object scenes were subpar compared to what else is out there. The achievements were broken for me, although the publisher did post they have been fixed and I feel like I wasted two and half hours slogging through this thing. The English translation has issues too with several noticeable issues ranging from incorrect grammar/syntax on down to hidden object items being given completely different names from what they are actually called (in American or Queen’s English). This is an easy pass.,Posted: May 14, 2018I am a little hesitating with the negative here, but there’s no neutral and I can’t recommend this game.Most of all, it is frustrating and coarse, some of the objects have to be clicked right there in the single pixel, some of the items are not clickable, but after you do something else in other location they become clickable, have fun walking around searching. Next, the objectives, the items you use, some of the puzzles are not logical at all, like putting the toy crane on the top of the building to take something of… tiny tiny plastic toy crane. So, when you are done walking around pointlessly and wondering how an umbrella is supposed to fight off the wolves, you have time to listen to the music. One third of the game an alarm siren is giving you a headache, and then battle horns take over, prepare aspirin.The good thing I can say about the game is the idea of “comic noir style” cut scenes, but again, only few of them are done in this style and the inconsistency is bugging me.The map is useless to be honest, nothing is marked there and you need to guess which location is which.It’s not even good for the achievements collectors as you need to play the game 3 times on every level of difficulty to get 100%.I’ve finished the whole game just to write a justified review, skip this one, there are much better HOPA games out there.,Posted: July 26, 2018I have yet to finish this game, and I honestly don't know if I will. I can't recommend this game, there are many better HOG's out there. So far, there's a severe lack of hidden object scenes, which another review also confirms. The puzzles are often strange and not intuitive at all. I didn't like the way they spoke english, and I don't know if it's just a bad translation or someone who doesn't really know how to speak properly. But the first thing by far is that it seemed to me that when you held an object in your hand, it seemed liked the pointer of your curser changed. Like, usually it's the end of the arrow right, but if you held the crowbar for instance, it could be either end. And there's no way to tell where, you just have to guess. It left me often walking through several areas before finally getting rid of the damn thing, making me able to walk back only to try again. Do yourself a favor, skip this one.,Posted: October 13, 2018Finished in 4 hrs due to frequent use of hints because many actions were illogical to my way of thinking. Few hidden object scenes, but they were well done. Also small but entertaining puzzles.,Posted: November 27, 2018You've been called to check a SOS signal from the town of Gateville and when you arrive on site, you're attacked by a shadow. What's happening? Why do you feel like the world is at stake?Beyond the Invisible: Darkness Came is a casual adventure game, with puzzles and hidden objects scenes... oh, sorry, only four HO scenes (and one in the bonus chapter). In other words, the game is more about solving some puzzles and finding objects, combine them and use them to advance.I must say that the game has a good way to tell the story (cutscenes are good), that the voice acting is good and that the rest is correct. I love the HUD and the \"diary/notes\" feature is different from the usual book. But these points can't help me to get over the fact that....well, actions are ridiculous. Since when a crane toy can help to retrieve a cat carrier that is meters above on the ice cream shop? Also, how come the big umbrella can't help to open the trunk of the car but an heavy  pipe can? And why a wire can't open a locked toolbox but an hairpin is? Without forgetting the key with a clock tag that is opening a crate in the garage.... without any clue than your brain remembering the locked box. Oh and the making music with pans during the third HO scene which doesn't open the trapdoor to get the sieve despite doing the right sequence. Took me I don't know how many tries before understanding that I had to go slower! Seriously?As you can see, Beyond the Invisible is mainly frustrating with these kinds of non-sense actions. Games in the same category are more logical and are less clueless for what to do but here, on the easiest difficulty, I had to use many times hints to help.The game looked promising but fails to deliver. As I love achievements, I'll play it until I have 100%. Anyway, the price is at least good but if I was you, I would dive into other games. This one? It's only if you're an achievement hunter. Or an hardcore game for the genre, though even hardcore gamers will avoid it for the sake of it.,Posted: April 21, 2018I love this game! I really like the thematic elements and effort put into the scenes just as much as the puzzles! Thanks for making an excellent game!,Posted: January 14There were maybe three interesting and fun puzzles to solve here, the rest is a slog. The voice acting is actually really good, but the english translations they had to read are just embarrasing and to be honest after an hour or so it becomes agrivating to hear speech butchered like that. Worst offence of all is that at the very end of the game.. seriously like second to last screen.. there is puzzle where you have to arrange paintings in a certain order but the game freaking bugged out on me and even though I have the pictures in the right order (looked it up) it won't go through as solved. I play on hardest difficulty in these games which means no skips which means that's it.. can't finish now. I'd have to start over on lower difficulty and yeah... no thanks. I watched the ending on youtube so at least I got that.Anyway, this is a solid pass from me, not even worth it for free to be honest.. there's just too many annoyances to recommend pushing through this thing even for free."
"409"	"984090"	"Windlands 2 - Original Soundtrack"	2018-11-15	6.99	"Action,Indie,Adventure"	"About This ContentWindlands 2 - Original SoundtrackThe original soundtrack to Windlands 2 by Simo Saino with 16 tracks. Provided in mp3 format.1. Long Ago... (2:22)2. Windlands 2 Theme (4:46)3. Mind the Pit (2:36)4. Village by the Mountain (4:48)5. Hustle in the Jungle (3:36)6. Sunshafts (2:50)7. Ambush! (3:00)8. Ah, You Can Handle It! (3:32)9. Hand of the Knight (2:08)10. A Dry Heat (5:00)11. Sand Spray (4:22)12. Desert Rose (5:32)13. Wormsign! (4:08)14. Fascinating Geology (3:20)15. Blood Knight (4:52)16. Golden Eyes (2:24)"	"Wondering where it all began?Throw yourself into the original Windlands with our best price ever with 80% off!This offer ends May 9th, be quick about it Hunters!https://store.steampowered.com/app/428370 Keep Soaring... ,It's great they are different for each hand but I KIND of wish they were a bit bigger.,Jump being in the pixel-perfect centre of the trackpad is NOT a good option. Please add the ability to customize the buttons in the game so we can get back to the old grip-style jumping! There is a customize options button in the game but you cannot custo...,Sometimes when I play windlands 2 with my friends it takes a really long time to join and then it's says punchthrough errorCan someone please help me? Thank you for your time and help ,Tutorial worked, but no further. Just black.  Games sounds are there, I can hear when I trigger the grapples.  I asked in discord, but there's more life in a desert. I've wanted this game for months but I have no more time to mess with it.,Unexpected SteamVR Error- SteamVR has encountered a critical error(Restart SteamVR) - (Quit SteamVR)----------------------------------------------------------------When I try to play Windlands2, the game crashes and the error above pops up.My St..."
"410"	"745770"	"Aequitas Orbis - Original Soundtrack by Stèv"	2017-11-30	8.99	"Action,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Aequitas Orbis original soundtrack as created by Stèv in both FLAC and MP3 (320 kbps) format.Tracklist Aequitas Orbis Intergalactic BANG! 1000 A S T E R O EEE D S 80s_Bits tRRRRR Laserbeeeeams Aequitas CreditsSongs will be placed in your Aequitas Orbis folder inside the Steam Directory: ...Steam\steamapps\common\Aequitas Orbis\soundtrack\"	"Can a splitscreen session play against others online so you get 8 players on 2 computers?,So far we have discovered:   Music not working at all (neither menu nor matches)   GPU NVIDIA GTX 1060, INTEL I5 3570k, 8 GB RAM, WINDOWS 10    Cannot join multiplayer, stuck with a gray screen and a black square on top.  GPU NVIDIA ...,Here is a list of known bugs (we will add/remove them as soon as they are confirmed or fixed):       Central planet sprite in default online map randomly disappears for few seconds (atmosphere still visible)      Fixed in v0.3.2  The ...,I found a small bug within the Menu. But I didn't found a \"Report Bug\"-Button or anything.Is there a preferred way to report Bugs back to the developer?,I love this game and it is awesome but can be very difficult if you never played a game with orbital mechanics. Don't get me wrong, you can start playing it ignoring all of this and in a couple of hours you will be mastering all the tips I'm writing here"
"411"	"1044300"	"Human Pinball : Iceage"	2019-03-23	1.99	"Action"	"About This GameImmersive-Games bring you.... Human Pinball : IceageStorylineHuman Pinball : Ice AgeBackground:A lone survivor of an exploration craft that crash landed on a remote and desolate collection of passing meteors, that have entered the solar system, the home of man.As a flight engineer, your mission is to retrieve the 3 coloured spheres and plant them into the right receptacles, somewhere on this frozen surface. We have no maps of the surface, so you will have to search for the spheres to begin your mission. Your flight suit will be sufficient for you to travel on the surface but it must not get wet! Stay away from any surface or underground fluids.A previous expedition set up some rails to transport the spheres but have not been heard from for the past few years. If they are alive, make contact and complete the mission.Care must be taken as the rails are designed for robots to navigate. Should you fall and get lost in the tangled nest of underground caves and gullies, you may not live to tell the tale.Once all three spheres have been successfully recovered into their flight receptacles, a rescue beacon will be turned on and a rescue ship will be sent to recover the spheres and the escape portal energised. Good luck.Re Release: Some signage has been uncovered by solar winds that should now make locating the Sphere Deposits easierA larger Infrared screen as been added and improvements to the Jumpsuit torchlight for better navigation"	""
"412"	"824430"	"Black Circle"	2018-04-25	0.99	"Casual,Indie"	"About This GameJust click or tap at any screen position to shoot the dot, and don't touch the dots moving on the screen.The game has a total of 1200 levels.If you are patient, you can find the solution.You need to follow the shapes carefully.The circles change with different shapes and different speeds.It can only be played with the mouse."	""
"413"	"556540"	"Pyramid VR"	2017-01-06	3.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual,VR"	"Just UpdatedMany changes from the start of this project.Update from Unity 5.5 to Unity 2017.2Complete Rewrite of the inventory operationsUse right track pad left/right to cycle through inventoryTutorial now has actual instructions!Added a map to start game and the jeep is to continueBetter post processing (more vibrant colors, better shadows!)Added Steam cloud savingTorch now runs out of fuelAdded 2 full oil cans for the torch (find them!). Just grab and use on torch to 100% refuelAdded another puzzle on lvl2Refuel small amount of torch oil lighting braziers (Use wisely!)Added matches to light torch if not close to lit brazier to relight it (Left trigger will auto use a match if you have one)Please contact us with any concerns! We want the opportunity to resolve any issues before negative reviews!,About This GameRemember those days long ago when the idea of gaming was only text?Those adventure games that drove you nuts, typing in 2 words \"go north\", \"Take Torch\" etc...Frustrating you to no end trying to think of the right combination to just open the freakin door!Well here it is. The chance to actually FINISH one of those games, in true graphical style!No more 2 word commands, just point and click your commands! (OK, this was for the PC version, which is now in VR so reach out, grab that item and use it!)This is a graphical remake of the 1978 Tandy game: Pyramid 2000.(A tribute to the original style games that started it all)We tried to stay as true to the text as possible, but due to not having a graphic artist we had to make do with what we could and it is progressing nicely!Hope to see you at the end!Christopher/Notso :Team/GDD Creator (This team was great, it all went smooth! thanks guys!)Level/room designScene decorator...Does this sarcophagus come in pink??Prop Master/funding of the little things required to finishIP rights procurement (License to use music, etc...)Directed and performed VR playtesting.Alvaro Urrutia LunaCoded extended gameplay features and VR integration.Textured, modeled, and structured levels in a coherent art style.Customized, modeled, and polished scene item game objects.Customized, modeled, and created icons for inventory items.Directed and staged camera and lighting effects.Modified/remodeled Logic and UI for VR.Thanks to:Game Engine:Unity, the editor, the team, and the whole community behind it.Framework:Adventure Creator - ICEBOX StudiosMusic:Derek Fietcher - Ancient Egyptian Music - Pharaoh Ramses IIAssets:3D Everything - Temple of the Pharaoh, Egypt Tomb 2.0Next Level 3D - Ancient Modular TombsKiria - Medieval Barrows and WagonsMatias Romero for the great font.Jason Booth - Texture Painter toolMichal - Volumetric LightsVRTK and TheStoneFox for such a great VR Fundations plugin.We would appreciate a report on the issue instead of a negative rating so we can have a chance to fix the issue. Also please remember that not all Indie games can afford to create their own assets, we did purchase the majority of ours from Unity Asset Store and gave credit to those artists.3 of us started out on a website called Indieteamup, from 3 different countries. We picked an engine, Unity, a framework, Adventure Creator, and I had the idea for the game. 2 Months later we had a complete game, just needed the set dressing and texturing for release, then along comes the Vive, 2 of us decide to convert it to VR, and here we are. Please enjoy!This was a non-VR game we developed that we converted to VR, so please be patient as we change everything for room space play!This is mainly an exploration game with a few minor puzzles and some treasure to collect. Please enjoy! (This is not in any way meant to be historically accurate so there will be a mix of hieroglyphics and 'god' images unrelated or completely out of context).The final release we might package the PC version with it as well, until then if interested in the PC demo please see our gamejolt page.brought to you by...Notso Entertaining Productions:"	"Posted: June 22, 2018For your Oscar consideration:https://youtu.be/aqG3kjhkIwYLike being Indiana Jones slightly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ half brother who goes by the name Windolicka Jones.You tomb raid a pyramid for treasure all the while trying to read huge text boxes that pop up on any item you touch. Much like Windos mum does with post it notes on everything in the house. So windos knows that toilet paper is for wiping and toothbrushes are not for wiping.As you delve deeper into the pyramid you find that Windolicka Jones can stick his head through walls but not walk over a snake.He has a treasure chest he carries on him instead of a light backpack. The treasure or more like a toy chest is for the treasure he finds. Trouble is Windos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hands are to big for the little itty bitty size the treasure shrinks to in this magic toy chest. So removing items you need is like a person with parkinson's removing one pin from a container full of them.Windos adventure is more cheap carnie ride at the special schools fate than adventuring deep into Egypts mysterious past. 2 licks of a clean bus window out of 8,Posted: December 2, 2017So my Mom had this bucket list item of seeing the pyramids and I got this to impress her in her first VR experience. This game is jerky, has poor wall recognition where you walk to close to the wall and your VR will go black and the video sometimes glitches/flashes... I have to say that this has/had potential but from the looks of it there are not updates and no real desire to make this a fantastic playable adventure. I had always thought that Nat Geographic should have made a tutorial/exploration game that you could either turn on or off mummys etc... but this is just not a quality game.My Mom played for about 10 minutes and then with too much walking into blackness and jittery environment her equilibreum finally said enough was enough and she ripped the headset off and said she was going to throw up... it seemed close. Took about 2 hours for her to 'settle down'Maybe take what you have here as a starting point and try getting funding through kickstarter or indigogo to take it to the next level? This is a homebrew that needs to be fixed... I love the concept, just the programmer(s) didn't have the skill or knowledge to make it consumer friendly. I only recommend this to seasoned VR players that can handle poorly written VR gaming at this time...,Posted: July 7, 2018This is one of the most immersive experiences I have had in a long time. It took me a few minutes to get oriented and understand the mechanics but once I did and I was blown away. I have never played a VR game that so effectively captures the feeling of walking through an ancient pyramid the way this game does. It is absolutely beautiful and almost terrifying. The craftmanship that went into the level design is brilliant. Every corner brought something wonderful for me to explore. The dark corridors and the constant feeling of excitement at whats next to discover is fantastic. This is a gem in the rough. Not everything is perfect of course and I only played it for a brief amount of time but I cant wait to get back in and see whats next to find. The Pyramid VR is huge and full of wonders to behold. Give this game a chance especially if you own a Vive. It is absolutely wonderful. As a developer of VR myself I can see that Christopher Meyer and Alvaro Luna put a tremendous amount of work into this. They really captured the essence of what it must feel like to explore a real life Pyramind. Great work guys!!!,Posted: January 7, 2017Early Access ReviewIt is a fun game so far. I have not finished it, but you do get the sense of being inside some large, ancient structure. The inventory system works, but was not always on the first attempt (I assume some practice would make me better at using it). I would prefer the text descriptions to appear all at once instead of letter by letter. I personally would like an option for teleport style movement; the walking/gliding style movement really is tough for me to handle. There is also something odd about the first table - whenever I lean down to look at it I get pushed away in VR.,Posted: June 23, 2018This game requires you to be standing in order to read & interact with many of its objects, but it ALSO very frequently forces you to use continuous (non-teleport) movement in order to get around the environments and reach objects. I can deal with some amount of joystick movement if I'm seated, but having the room slide around me while I'm standing is uncomfortably dizzying.This game also does the thing where sticking your head into a wall turns the headset black, which is fine in *theory*, except that you can also joystick-move into walls instead of colliding with them? Which means that at one point, I was trying to pass through a doorway, but instead I moved \"into\" it, and the headset went black -- and I was trying for about 30 seconds to figure out what direction I had to push in order to get back out before I just gave up and quit the game (since the directions that the joystick maps to are relative to which way your head is facing, and of course I turned my head to try and see if I was just facing a dark wall or something...)The game also does very confusing things with hand-tracking; if you move your hand near a grabbable object, it will move towards it automatically, which is actually a great idea in theory, but maybe it should have been a 'ghost hand' (while your real hand stays where it is), or just a remote highlight; when the game takes away your hand tracking, it's very confusing to figure out what you have to do with your arm to get it back, if you're trying to reach for the item NEXT to the one that \"grabbed\" your hand from you.All in all, you spend so much time fighting the interface that it's almost impossible to just enjoy the game. The environments look nice, and I wish I could have seen more of them (I wound up giving up on the second room), but I'm going to have to wait for a pretty significant overhaul before I can play this.,Posted: January 13, 2018Hey Guys im new to VR and this is my 2nd review on any game. Once I got in the Pyramid I found myself lost in discovery and mysterious adventure. (which I must say made me jump a couple of times). If this is your type of game. Its money well spent. Thanks to the Dev Team. : ),Posted: May 25, 2017Early Access ReviewAt 0.99c there is absolutely no reason at all not to pickup this game right now.  It has story, it has adventure it has puzzles.  It's the adaptation of an older text adventure / interactive fiction title, exactly the type of game I've been looking for in a VR experience.  My only problem is finding more time in my schedule to play it.  Really looking forward to seeing more from this developer as this titles evolves and into the future.Check out my latest quickplay of the game here -https://youtu.be/8EWqpCOswxI,Posted: January 7, 2017Early Access ReviewFun little treasure hunting game, even scared me once :DI always wanted to explore ancient egyptian pyramids so perhaps Im a little biased.Its not finished yet but whats there is good and for the price there's no question that its a thumbs up.,Posted: January 29, 2017Early Access ReviewA good game for early access. Visuals are good, VR motion controllers work well. A fantastic start!"
"414"	"329200"	"Astray"	2015-02-03	6.99	"Adventure,Indie,Horror,Puzzle,First-Person,Atmospheric,Dark,Singleplayer,Survival Horror,Psychological Horror,Survival,Lovecraftian"	"Reviews“I really enjoyed Astray and would recommend it to anyone looking for a horror game that's a little bit different.”A- – The Game Tutor“Aegon Games have struck the same nerve as games like Outlast and Amnesia, and yet have managed to set a different tone in the survival horror genre.”IndieGameMag,About This GameAstray is a first-person horror/puzzle game set in an abandoned museum based on unusual cultures, legends, and supernatural themes; but something more sinister lurks beneath the surface..Playing as the nephew of the museum’s missing curator, you must survive as you make your way through the abandoned building, interacting with objects, and completing puzzles along your way to unravelling the mystery of what lies beneath the museum.More StoryThe game takes place in 1909 inside Prof. Walker's Museum of the Supernatural, an in-development museum based on supernatural themes and unusual cultures. Rupert Walker, the museum's curator, spends most of his time locked away in his museum preparing for the grand opening. Recently, the professor has acquired a mysterious artefact for display in his exhibits, an artefact which he has obsessed over since it came into his possession. Rupert's family is accustomed to his odd behaviour, but an unusually long period of silence from your uncle has prompted you to investigate on the family's behalf. You arrive on foot to an old building in the middle of rural central England. The building is in disrepair, artefacts and props are strewn around the exterior. The doors are boarded up and there is no sign of life inside the museum. You must find a way inside the old building so that you may locate your uncle, and uncover the mystery of the strange artefact."	"Posted: November 29, 2018\"On the instant that the final guttural sound had left his lips, there began a sequence of events no human eye was ever destined to witness. For suddenly the darkness was gone, giving way to a fearsome amber glow; simultaneously the flute-like music ceased, and in its place rose cries of rage and terror.\" - August Derleth, The Dweller in DarknessAstray is a decent little horror adventure, and the only one of Aegon Games' catalogue that stroke me remotely interesting, so here we are. Is it the next best thing since sliced bread? Surely not. But Astray is a decent enough horror story with a Lovecraftian vibe, and some interesting enough puzzles along the way. Shall we?According to the opening narrative, our uncle is a museum curator and he's been working on some installations for the museum's grand opening. It's been a couple weeks since we have been able to get any news of him though, so we decide to drop by to check on him. Traveling to this museum, which conveniently takes place in an isolated part of the mainland, we discover not a single breathing soul around. So, we -again, conveniently - break in to further investigate. As we continue with our exploration, we encounter various documents that would reveal obscure happenings within the building as the opening date comes close, even some disappearances. Yet, as we keep investigating, it becomes darker, obscurer and even a tad more supernatural than we would expect it to be. You have guessed right! This whole shebang is Lovecraftian!What can I say? The story isn't marvelously exciting or fresh, but the narrative and pace of events presented to us through documents we find around, are intriguing enough for you to keep playing the game once you start. The mystery is well-woven, and the carefully designed atmosphere keeps you on your toes while you run from room to room, looking for you next objective. If you are a fan of Lovecraftian narrative and Cthulhu Mythos, you may even encounter some familiar figures as the end approaches. Aside that part, the lore presented within exhibits indicate a carefully research of the occult and the mythological. Kudos on completing a reading before making a horror game!Hailing from the visual quality of Unreal Engine 3, the game presents you a basic horror setting - one you may even recall from Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Design of the levels are interesting enough, yet some sections of the game – especially Egyptian Exhibition – are really cut short. It leaves you with the sense that it could have been much more. Sound effects are quite successful on unnerving you though, and they bear some importance for identifying whether it is safe to move around or not.  If there is a monster on the premises – and believe me, there will be as you manage to delve deeper into the building - you'd like to listen your environment carefully.Puzzles... Hmmm. Now this is noteworthy subject matter. Some of the puzzles within the game are the 1000th time reimagined versions of classical ones: like pipe puzzles. Those are cozily familiar and never get old. But some original ones, especially ones that would force you to take a closer look at the environment are a breath of fresh air. I liked the hieroglyph puzzle, for example.Nearing the end of our review, if you have 3-4 hours to kill and fond of horror adventures, this one is a short, yet entertaining enough game to pick. Considering the whole thing is made by 2 people, it is one great effort you may enjoy. Good day, and good gaming to you!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator page here - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!,Posted: October 3, 2015There are quite a few things I liked about this one and overall it's a solid effort with some cool ideas. Setting it in a museum is a good start, and some of the areas have a very believable, real look to them. I'm always a fan of setting-based horror games and this one uses that well. It has some effective creepy atmosphere and sound, and some of the puzzles were fun to solve, if a little easy. And I don't say that to boast. I'm a terrible puzzle-solver in games who frequently needs a guide, but this one didn't stump me at all.But, sadly, the shortcomings just kept it from working for me. The one monster, while creepy, was dumb and non-threatening, easy to escape or just glitch out entirely. An obvious setup for a chase scene had me just walking right in front of it with no reaction, as the detection radius seems to actually be very small. The moments where I was tense that I had almost been seen, I probably wasn't close at all. That along with some irritating physics puzzles that can glitch out and send boxes flying across the room, and a player character with a painfully small jump ended up eating up all the goodwill inspired by the positive aspects of the design. I don't like voting down games that I thought were original and creative, but the execution lacked too much for me to recommend this one. It might work for you if you're willing to overlook its flaws, but it didn't do it for me despite my love of all things horror.,Posted: November 6, 2015Considering this was made by two people, I think this game was very well done. There is obvious love for games like Amnesia all over this, so if you like games like that, than this would be a good pick. The game looks decent, with an original locale. Asylums, prisons, and crumbling castles have had their go...now for a museum! The puzzles are not that difficult which for this game I think is a good thing. While the monsters are something slightly borrowed from Amnesia, the game overall fills you with a kind of dread, and I like that. There's the occasional monster, but the whole game is filled with tension, wondering whats going to be in the next room. The story is told through.....you guessed it!....notes scattered around the museum and other areas. There are a few original ideas, but the ones that are borrowed from other games and lore are also good. This is a fun game with a lot of effort put into it, and I'm glad I played it.,Posted: June 17, 2015Really good First-person horror game. The game is well optimized for the frame-rate but it crashed 3 times so I had to quit and continue the game. The puzzles are easy enough so you won't be stuck for too long if you don't know what to do. It's not as scary as Outlast but the atmosphere of the game is still really good (being stuck in a museum at night)Keep in mind that the game is really short (I finished it in 1h15) but as a horror game, it's well-done and it's well worth your time.,Posted: August 4, 2016PROS:-Atmospheric-Has backstory-Nice lighting-Hilarious (seriously, the design of the museum makes absolutely no sense and it's amazing. The Atlantis exhibit fills up with water?)CONS:-Only one type of enemy-Has backstory, but no present story (had no idea who I was or why I was even there)-AI is terrible-Flashlight batteries are useless-Not very excitingI recommend it if you have nothing to do and want a good laugh.,Posted: February 26, 2016This game was pretty awesome! I'm not much of a \"hardcore\" puzzle solver, but the difficulty of this one is perfect for beginners.Story: You try to find out what happened to your uncle, who opened up a museum, and the backstory is revealed by notes scattered around in the museum. It's a combination of detective work and horror.Graphics: There's a lot I can describe about the graphics, as they captured the feel of a museum and theme. It's a combination of mystery and horror.-Inside the museum:- I love the theme of the museum they were going for. It gave more of a mystery atmosphere. However, other than the rooms and anubis statue, it could have had more going for it. It feels like it's just mostly offices and hallways.-Demonology room:- The demonology room was slightly bland, but I have to give props on the rune designs as they were gorgeous. Those gave more of a \"mage\" atmosphere than demonology. The walls and floors were mostly stone and bones, which was good, but there is more to demonology than just that.-Atlantis room:- Oh my god this room design was to die for! It felt like you were in an underwater temple! I loved the wall and floor designs on this. I wish there was more on this. I would enjoy just walking around and exploring more in this atmosphere!-Egypt room:- It seems like the same materials use from the demonology room. I do like the heiroglyphics, scarabs, and vases, but I feel there could be more. When I think of Egypt, usually sand comes to mind. I know they were going for a \"scary\" egyptian feel, but there are other ways to do that.Gameplay: The gameplay has a sort of \"Amnesia: Dark Descent\" feel, but it's only because there are things to avoid and not to shine the light on. Don't worry, it's not as scary as that game. I promise. The game does have an item system, but it's just picking up items and placing them. There is no inventory. The only thing you should be concerned about is your flashlight in order just to see dark areas. It's more straightforward in most cases, which I have to say I like. I hate it when there are too many items in games and you either have to use them for weird reasons or do weird combinations.Controls: The game is very, very vague on controls and customization. First off to point out, each time you start the game, the gamma option comes up and you have to adjust it, which is annoying. Second, not much of audio options, but I have to say if you have headphones, it will work automatically. For gameplay, while the game tells you about the flashlight and running, it does not tell you that you can throw items by right clicking(left clicking if you're left handed), which is very important to the dynamite part.Overall: Overall, Astray is a small game that deserves recongnition, and a good first game for puzzle/mystery beginners. It has a pretty good blend of mystery and horror. I find it's hard to find games that balance mystery and horror well, and this one nailed it. The story and puzzles kept me engaged and made me want to play the game until the end.And this game is worth the play in both story, graphics, and atmosphere.,Posted: April 16, 2015Its okay. Has good environmental design and some impressive textures, but lacks some polish and the puzzle difficulty often only comes from it being obtuse. Its probably worth checking out if its on sale for a couple dollars.,Posted: February 23, 20157/10 - Very Good!Do you like indie horror games? are you reluctant to try this cause so there are so many crappy ones on steam? Well throw those worries away, because Astray is one of the best small-time Indie Horror games to come out on steam in awhile. It's well polished, with an interesting story, great atmosphere, unique enviroments,  decent puzzles, and a run-time of about 2-3 hours which makes it worthy of its asking price. Let me get into what i think are the pros and Cons of the game.The Pros:Presentation: Despite this not being a triple A horror game, it still feels very polished and well done. I encountered no bugs or glitches the entire game. The graphics were really good.  the lighting is good, the ambient noises were effective with headphones, Story: An interesting story that progresses along well and takes a turn into Lovecraftian territory towards the second half. The notes you find pretty much tell the story, along with providing clues to solving environmental puzzles. Its to see the notes in a game to actually be useful for a change. The puzzles aren't to difficult, nor are they to easy, they seemed to be the right difficulty for this game.The Setting: This takes place in a giant museum around 1909. You stroll along in different exhibit areas, where each one was totally different from the other, offering a good change of scenery. If this museum was real I would certain go check it out in person. (((MINOR SPOINLER --->> i don't want to spoil anything but later you go to explore other areas that lead you into depths that are pretty lovecraft-nightmare-like which were pretty freaky and cool.The Cons:- The monsters you encounter are pretty average, and once one gets up close and kills you, the fear factor drops significantly.- There were some instances were sound was missing from certain enviromental interactions. I would move a box , or open a vent grate to no sound, it was kinda awkward.In Conclusion, I def. recommend Astray. Its a well done first person horror game with light puzzles and a solid atmosphere, and for its asking price you cant go wrong. Oh, and for having been developed by only two people(as the end credits do suggest), i was thoroughly impressed, and can't wait to see what these guys do next.,Posted: April 15, 2015This game can be described in three words: Hide and Seek.  The easiest way to defeat the monsters, which by the way resembles the High Priest Imhotep (The Mummy), is to use only Method 1, which is to stay hidden somewhere and let the creatures pass you by, before going to the next room.Don't you dare confront this creatures because you cannot defeat them.  I found a crowbar in the game, which I thought was a weapon, but it is useless against them.  Don't focus your flashlight on them, once they spot you, you're Dead.  If they hear you and try to get close to them, you're Dead.  The best way to deal with them is to use Method 1.The most exciting and the scariest part of the game is when you and the monster are inside the same dark room and the flashlight's batteries  run low.   Suddenly,  you hear its footsteps and the creepy sound it makes.  You know it is getting closer and closer.  There is no chance to escape because you can't see anything.  That was freaking scary.Your final opponent or the Big Boss, or shall I say, the Big Ball (literally it is a Giant Eyeball) can be defeated by using Method 1.       The game has potential, I give the developers that.  The setting is very eerie, which I thought at first was a mental institution, but it's not. The \"No weapons only your wits\" concept to defeat the monsters is a good idea in a survival horror game such as this.  I admit, it had its scary moments but it did not really give me a real satisfaction.  I bought it really cheap, so no real harm done in my wallet.  If you want cheap thrills, go ahead and buy it.  Otherwise, just avoid it.,Posted: February 3, 2015Astray is a first person horror/puzzle game set in a recent past setting, the action takes place at and around a old museum.... So is it any good ? Short answer is \"Yes it is\".Let's get into the \"why?\"-Very good atmospheric sound, highlighting unusual events such as a door slamming with good directional placement.-The graphics are done well for a game of this price, never being to dodgy to break the feeling.-The UI is minimalist which in my opinion is ideal because it helps you get fully immersed into the actual game.-The plot is moved along by notes which you can find scattered across all of the exhibits, it pays to read these so you get the overall picture of what is going on in the scary old museum.-The puzzles are pretty straight forward from what i played never being to complicated and frustrating the player, the point of such a game is not to put your brain on overdrive with solving puzzles but to give you a rush of adrenaline.The wrap this up i would like to point out that i do not play allot of horror games because well... I'm a bit sensitive to them :) so keep that in mind. I do not think that a hard-core player of horror games will be to scared but for a occasional player such as myself the game delivers the punch it sets out to.You can not really ask more then the game provides at this price point, its a solid recommendation from me.If you would like to get a better view on the game you can check out my first impressions video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47dM46dng-8&list=PLPu1MBLqtny7rnijEzJ3bPSEMepog_rOK"
"415"	"409790"	"Shadow Corps"	NA	NA	"Early Access,Early Access,RPG,Indie,Action,Strategy,Turn-Based,Turn-Based Tactics,Tactical,Isometric,Sci-fi,Space,Singleplayer,Choices Matter,Touch-Friendly,Tactical RPG,Futuristic,Third Person,3D,Old School"	"Early bird gets the worm!Want to get in on the action early? Click the Add to your wishlist button above to get notified when Shadow Corps is released! Clickety click!,About This GameShadow Corps is a turn-based tactics game where you command a squad of elite soldiers on a mission to stop an ancient danger that threatens to consume the stars themselves. Fight your way across the galaxy, craft and equip your troopers with cutting edge gear and use cunning tactics to defeat your foes. Are you ready to take command?Key Early Access Features: Turn-based tactical gameplay! Dynamic, line-of-sight based cover system! 4 unique character classes! 15+ maps with over 2 hours of content!On top of this, we have heaps of really cool features planned, such as crafting, tons of new weapons and gear, character specific skill trees, etc. Wishlist Shadow Corps now, join our growing community and make your mark on the game itself!"	""
"416"	"783220"	"Block Shock"	2018-02-06	0.99	"Casual,Indie,Arcade,Singleplayer,Action,Retro,Platformer"	"About This GameExperience the most addictive retro block game like never before. With 12 all-new levels, you must use your skill to win. Can you beat the game, or will you suffer from block shock?KEY FEATURES:.Addictive tile-breaking gameplay.Increasing difficulty to test your skills.Brand new Steam Achievements!.New Levels Coming Soon!THANK YOU --From all of us here at Vox Studios!"	"Posted: February 6, 2018Let me first just say that level doesn't end when you break all blocks, it just continues indefinitely until you die, then restarts!Also pad doesn't act like it should be, seems like dev have never played Block Breaker... #smh This could be a great time waster...,Posted: February 19, 2018(Got this game courtesy of the developer's submission to SteadyGiveaways!  Thanks!)The only shock I got is that it's poorly developed and broken.Blockshock is your typical Super Breakout clone with nothing new to offer.  It's difficult to change the directory of the ball without either a slim corner of your paddle or the luck of the ball hitting a block in a certain way.  Basically, it's an even more dumbed down version of CRACKHEAD.So, what makes this game broken, exactly?  Well, you're given a few lives and your goal is to clear the screen of blocks with your ball without the ball missing your paddle.  Simple enough, yes?  Unfortunately, given its current state, level progression will be LOCKED if you miss the ball even once.  The stage will reset and even if you empty the stage on your second life, you'll be stuck in an eternal limbo of emptiness, smacking your ball against the walls.  So if you want to beat the game?  You guessed it...you have to do the whole game in a single life!In the end, is it worth your money?  Nope!  I would rather be playing CRACKHEAD over this...scratch that, I'd rather be playing Super Breakout.  The asking price is $1, but given it's current broken state, I can't recommend you paying a single penny for it.  You'll find the same game online for free somewhere and find that it's fully functional.  Keep on looking elsewhere for a good game, because you won't find it here.0/10  The Shock was real...,Posted: January 30I love brick breakers/arkanoids and this one even as simple as it's made could have been an ok timewaster but unfortunately it has a bug that still hasnt been fixed since the release a year ago. Before mentioned bug forces the player to complete the entire game with one ball because if you die you will have to restart the game from scratch because even if you smash all the bricks with the next one the game will get stuck. Its propably doable to complete the game as i reached level 7 but i'll argue that its propably only a very small minority that would be able to do that.  My advice stay far away from this game and propably the developers games as well because if he cant take the time to fix what seems like a pretty simple bug he doesnt really desserve to get paid either.,Posted: April 10A game-breaking bug results in levels not progressing even after completion. This was reported in the discussions over a year ago, and there has been absolutely no developer contact.,Posted: February 10, 2018You can not change the direction the ball is going ever. Sometimes you destroy all the blocks and it will not register so you are left bouncing the ball for the rest of your life.,Posted: February 17, 2018So... I was so excited then I saw this on steam because I loved DXball when I was a kid. But this is so bad I would'nt recommend this to any1 I like. First of all you cant change the direction of the ball what so ever. And sometimes it will be caught in a loop and continue for ages and there is nothing you can do to change it except to catch it.Second thing is when you finally beat a level it could continue with a black screen and a bouncing ball forever (happend to me twice during the little time I played). When that happens you cant just restart that one level you have to start the whole game over, which sucks.Too bad, love the idea but its very poorly executed..,Posted: February 6, 2018Getting a solid 60 FPS on my Ryzen1700/1080GTX with 16 GB ram. This game lives up to its claims. I haven't had any addictions before so I can't say what that feels like, but I do feel some kind of emotion while playing this game. Maybe this is what addiction feels like. It's also true I have never experienced a block game like this before, and thats saying a lot coming from a gamer who started back in the DOS days. Unfortunetly I could not beat the game tonight, thus I believe I am now a carrier of 'block shock'. I am not sure what symptoms I'm about to experience, but I take this wording to mean I will have to beat the game to cure myself of 'block shock'. The suffering mentioned in the game's description is a little scary still.So since I'll be back playing, I am excited about getting all the achievements. I have never got all the achievements in a game before. So that will be a pretty awesome experience.,Posted: February 7, 2018Nice block breaking game. Simple and something basic to pass queue times. I hope the developer brings out more simple games like this one,Posted: November 2, 2018I stupidly didn't read the reviews before buying this game for 0,39 euro. Its so bugged and uncontrollable, that its impossible to play.You can change directions, next level won't load if you die even once and you often get stuck in a loop that's almost impossible to get out of.Stay away from this game. Only reason I keep playing, is to try and save my avg. completion rate.,Posted: April 11Product received for freeIn this video I take a look at Block Shock a block breaking Arkanoids game.This game is faulty. If you loose a life during a level the level won't end after you clear out all the blocks. The game isn't Early Access. The developer was told about the error over a year ago and acknowledged it according to the Steam discussions for the game...https://steamcommunity.com/app/783220/discussions/0/1700541698705443291/But it STILL isn't fixed over a YEAR later. So essentially this game is a scam and should be removed from Steam. DON'T BUY!Watch the video to see what the game is like, every time I loose a life I can't finish the level.....https://youtu.be/F3zQ3wArd6YCheck'n Games, providing you with as many Let's Play's as we can.Thanks for watching. Please like comment and subscribe."
"417"	"29560"	"Guild Wars Factions®"	2006-04-28	19.99	"Massively Multiplayer,RPG"	"Reviews                    \"...more than you could have ever hoped for.\" — gamespy.com,About This Game                    Two hundred years ago, the Betrayer called Shiro Tagachi transformed the lush continent of Cantha into a devastated landscape of stone forests and crystalline seas. Now, in an empire torn asunder by war, who you fight is as important as who you serve. While the Kurzicks and Luxons battle for ever-decreasing resources, an ancient and treacherous force returns to a world he nearly destroyed.                    The heroes of Cantha may have finally met their match. Which side will you choose?                    Guild Wars Factions™, the second stand-alone release from developer ArenaNet®, features a new world, new mechanics, and new professions.                    Join the battle for the future of Cantha — an all-new Asian-inspired continent — with players from all over the world.                    Experience two new professions unique to Cantha: the deadly Assassin and the powerful Ritualist.                    Fight for your faction in all-new competitive missions, challenge missions, and elite missions.                    Join in furious alliance battles that will redraw the borders of the Canthan continent.                    Link your account to Guild Wars® (the original Prophecies™ campaign) for additional character slots and travels between the original continent of Tyria and the new realm of Cantha.                    No subscription fees  — Buy the game and play online with no monthly fees.*                    * Requires product purchase and access to Internet. Player is responsible for all applicable Internet fees.                    "	"Anet is now selling complete edition on their store. I believe the only way to get this before was the physical copy but now they are doing all 4 digital package. Think Steam will ever have that added here? Asking for a friend ,havent played in years it says my acount my have been acsed by somone  so i changed the password stil cant get on please help,I kill some boss and it switches to cutscene before I can loot him. Then, instead of returning to the dungeon, it takes me to some city ruins and flashes\"2 YEARS LATER\".Given that this game is a huge grind... what an EPIC FAIL.Update: It grows on you....,Guild Wars: Nightfall    *882B-KDHL7-L74KC-DR14G-NLMP6         * = 1+1Guild Wars: Eye of the North  [[ CLAIMED ]]Guild Wars 2: Heroic Edition   [[ CLAIMED ]]Guild Wars 2: Toy Mini Eye   *PPHMW-SKBNV-D682-FR1-3BDSJ6G         * = 2 + 1Enjoy!Edit: ...,Hello, is the population in guild wars still in a good state? cause i was thinking to come back to this awesome game. :)"
"418"	"456640"	"TASTEE: Lethal Tactics - Blackout Skin Pack"	2016-05-10	2.99	"Strategy,Indie"	"About This ContentBack in BlackOutfit your squad of loose cannons and hired guns with this special set of all-black Tastee Squad skins. Originally designed as a bonus for our VIP Early Access customers, this set is now available for everyone."	"This is where you should submit any game feedback for Lethal Tactics.,Got all excited when I saw this featured on the store page and saw the 'Turn based' user created labels and game description, after watching the trailers however it looks more like the 'Plan and go' system that I hate and that a few newer titles are doing...,I have noticed quite often that even with plenty of players online , the game will start an open game when you choose to start a game with someone online.,I would love to play XCOM against humans but the multiplayer is horrible.,Hello, i really liked this game when i seen it, but i am wondering if this game is active in multiplayer? Becouse as i can see it has only 90reviews, so probably not much of people really playing it"
"419"	"425840"	"Goat Simulator: PAYDAY"	2016-01-14	4.99	"Simulation,Casual,Indie,Funny,Memes,Open World,Multiplayer,Crime,Action,Comedy,Singleplayer,Sandbox"	"About This ContentYou've crashed into people's windows with a jetpack, you've hit level 101 in the Goat MMO Simulator, you've survived the zombie apocalypse. How do you even top that?Introducing Goat Simulator: PAYDAY, the latest in goat simulation technology. Being a goat has never been this realistic. Beat people up and take their money - use your goat crew to smash & grab, then blast away all your money at Mahatma Gambling, the Indian casino - just like in that Al Cappuccino moviePRANKNET - The static contract database lets goats pick and choose from available jobs by connecting with local contacts such as Vlad the Crimean, and you get to run his errandsBuy things - use your easy-earned cash to buy different things. Mostly masks. Okay only masks.More masks - because obviously we haven’t been clear enough. You can even wear that mask with the American flag on it, whatever that character is called i don’t know, i just write the damn textFOUR AWESOME GOATS, seriously these guys are like they’re from an Al Pancake movieBe a camel, or even a dolphin in a wheelchair, there are no limits here (except the 4 playable goats)Unlock new, even dumber stuff. Because this is friggin’ Goat Simulator."	"goat,Anyone wants the achievement, or is just willing to help me get it, I'd appreciate it. Should be quick, only a few minutes. Add me if you're interested.,Hi there. This post will hopefully contain the solution to the issue you are having. Q: I get 'Ran Out of Video Memory'  - why no goat? A: If you are on a 32 bit operating system you can try to increase the virtual memory space to 3 GB. First open...,Will we ever have a Waste of Space plush? It just needs to be the normal Goat Simulator plush with the space suit. And we also need the Payday Don Pastrami. Just for like the collectors and stuff.,Loved this game to death. Truly wish they were still making DLCs.,Posted: April 27I don't have a life,Posted: April 27??9 copies??15 copies??Make fun of players?C'on , wanna be same like D!ck Sweeney?Thumb up for the game Thumb down for the scum bag dev.,Posted: May 4This game is garbage.You should play this game in order to understand what a real trash garbage product is.Buy only on sale."
"420"	"294312"	"DRAKERZ-Confrontation : 20 virtual BOOSTERS"	2014-05-20	34.99	"Strategy,Free to Play,Indie"	"About This ContentIs the card of your dreams in one of these virtual BOOSTERS*? These 20 virtual BOOSTERS* pack contains:80 common virtual cards* (random from set of 100 common)20 Rare or Super-rares or Legendary virtual cards* (random from set of 50 rare and random from set of 19 Super Rares and from set of 6 Legendary)The Origins BOOSTERS: 5 cards for striking harder and faster. Will you find the ultimate Drakkard? Complete your collection now!* Virtual Decks enable you to play in virtual mode only, you cannot play in Augmented Reality with virtual Decks. You need to own physical cards in order to play in Augmented Reality Mode. : https://www.drakerz.com/boosters.html"	"i have purchased a dlc card pack through steam however its not giving me the code so i cannot use it is there a way i can get my code,It starts downloading a few MB and then just stops.,I cant create an account in game or on the website. I've tried twice on the website and after I fill out all of the information it takes me back to the log in screen and says invalid information. I clicked forgot password and tried to send email but it ne...,err Thats kind of an important point, i just saw this game for the first time and wanted to try it. But there is no download button, do iahve to buy this starterpacket things to play?,Hi,Since last night your game launch normally but i cant login. I mean i enter my email my password and then it keeps saying connexion en cours but never connects ... so i cant access the game... What's happening?"
"421"	"342805"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Spinal Tap - “Sex Farm”"	2015-03-31	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Sex Farm\" by Spinal Tap on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"422"	"517750"	"Fritz 14: Chessbase Power Play Tutorial v1 by Daniel King - Mating Patterns"	2016-08-25	29.99	"Strategy,Casual"	"About This ContentAnyone can see a checkmate when it is on the board, but can you recognize the early outlines of mating patterns in a normal game? It is a vital skill that you can train systematically with Grand Master Daniel King's Powerplay Tutorial Volume 1: Mating Patterns. Recognizing the early outlines of mating patterns is a vital skill, not just for an attacker, but for a defender too: surviving wave after wave of threats can be discouraging for your opponent. Very often we see these checkmates when they are put before our eyes: on a puzzle page in a chess magazine, for example. But then we must ask ourselves, why do these kind of mating combinations occur time and again in games – at all levels? In an actual game, when we are distracted by other factors – positional, strategic, tactical and psychological, not to mention our old friend time pressure – it is all too easy to miss the mating combinations. No one stands behind us whispering ‘Stop! It is mate in 3' (unless you are cheating and someone has flicked on Fritz). Moreover, these critical moments often occur late in the game – generally near the time control. Therefore it is vital that we are able to recognize these patterns – quickly! There is no excuse: now is the time to revise and rehearse those mating patterns. Grandmaster Daniel King has been a professional chess player for more than 20 years. During that time he has represented his country on many occasions, including an historic match victory over the Soviet Union in Reykjavik, 1990. At the same time he has distinguished himself as a coach, helping many of England‘s younger generation to achieve their potential. Besides his chess career, he has built up a reputation as a commentator on television, radio and the internet. He is also an award-winning author of more than 15 books."	"While we have tried our hardest to eliminate as many bugs as possible - Sometimes when you least expect it something may pop up. If you find anything wrong in the program , please report this here and I will relay these reports to the QA manager as necces...,Hi,Have been using this for a few years and have just reinstalled from steam.When trying to run the program I just get a window saying \"Loading Fritz 14, 1200MB\" and then nothing else. No support from Playchess?Any ideas anyone?Cheers,I bought Fritz 14 , but the beginners course videos are missing there.Thanks,Is steam planning on sell Fritz 15 ?,I often encounter that Fritz seem to hang up. For example during an analysis the game simply stops calculating and nothing more happens. A moment agoo same thing during a game. When Fritz was supposed to make a move everything stopped. This now happens ve..."
"423"	"294994"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Sublime - “Smoke Two Joints”"	2014-09-02	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Smoke Two Joints\" by Sublime on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"424"	"661450"	"The Lighthouse"	NA	NA	"Indie,Adventure,Psychological Horror,First-Person,Thriller"	"Reviews“Combining the dedication of the team with the amazing narrative and realistic world, The Lighthouse quickly becomes an indie gem that should not be missed!”The Golden Cartridge“An intense experience that will challenge your grey matter while also making your skin crawl.”Alpha Beta Gamer“The Lighthouse is an exploration-leaning thriller infused with puzzle elements—however its flashes of supernatural occurrences echo that of Silent Hill or Shinji Mikami's esteemed works.”PC Gamer,About This GameThe Lighthouse is a uniquely crafted thriller with glimpses into psychotic, alternate dimensions. Private Investigator James Irvine finds himself lured into a haunting, neo-noir world in search of a missing young woman, named Lily Beaumont. Traverse the abandoned property of Maine’s wealthiest family, the Wescotts, as you search for the truth.GameplayThe Lighthouse is a first person thriller.Your objective is to find Lily Beaumont by overcoming environmental obstacles and puzzles while also avoiding a dangerous presence following you. Use the light from The Lighthouse, along with your flashlight, to guide your way.EnvironmentsExplore through multiple environments with environmental specific puzzles and obstacles. While building the project, we knew that we wanted The Lighthouse's environments to be unique and memorable. We also wanted to make sure puzzles and obstacles were tangible and seemed grounded in the 1960’s, when technology wasn't as accessible as it is today.The StoryThe Lighthouse takes place on February 19, 1964. You play as James Irvine, a former detective turned private investigator in the state of Maine. Irvine is a man who solves the problems that the city doesn't have the inclination to follow-up on, little less solve. Many of the lucrative cases that come to his office are from locals with various requests, from spouses looking to expose infidelity in their relationships to business owners looking to gather enough evidence to incriminate their partners.February 19, 1964 is an important anniversary for Pt. Irvine as it’s the day he lost his first born, Lily, to cancer 7 years prior. Every year he visits her, placing a yellow lily and lit candle on her gravestone before watching it burn until extinguished. This tradition had never been broken - until today. As he packs to leave his office, candle in hand, he notices a letter slide under his door, the envelope marked: ‘Irvine.’He opens it and reads:Mr. Irvine,My daughter hasn't come home for 2 years, 4 months and 9 days. You see, she's missing. She was involved in the old lighthouse incident, you may remember her name - Lily. I've asked the local authorities to look for her, but they haven't got a clue. They tell me horrible things that no parent should hear. They tell me to accept that she may have died. Worst, they tell me they can't help. I can't sleep until I know where she is, if she's safe, if she's scared, and if she's trying to come home but can't find home. Help me find her. Look for her at the Lighthouse, as that was her last known location.-Elizabeth Beaumont Inside the envelope he finds an address and a single, yellow lily."	""
"425"	"1011174"	"Groove Coaster - Your Best Nightmare"	2019-03-25	1.99	"Action"	"About This ContentUNDERTALE music DLC for Groove CoasterTitle: Your Best NightmareArtist: Toby Fox*From UNDERTALEDifficulty: Simple 3 / Normal 6 / Hard 10BPM: 190"	"Groove Coaster fans, this bi-weekly release will have Touhou fans jumping for joy with a double DLC Pack release!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10809/Touhou DLC Pack 07 GROOVE IT LUCKY (GC Mix) / A-One - Arrange from Touhou Fuujinroku Itazura Sensation / Shinra-bansho - Arrange from Touhou Koumakyou (K)Night of (K)Nights  Butaotome ver. / beatMARIO x Butaotome - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Souchimai / COSIO - Arrange from Touhou Chireiden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"CIRNO\" avatar for use in game.https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10810/Touhou DLC Pack 08 Captain Murasa [Tracy vs. Astronomical Mix] / Amateras Records - Arrange from Touhou Seirensen Secret God Matara -HYPER TECHNO MIX-  / Yu Shimoda (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Tenkuushou (K)Night of (K)Nights  feat. ytr -TOS Remix / beatMARIO x TAMAONSEN - Arrange from Touhou Kaeizuka Touhou Gaimaden / MASAKI (ZUNTATA) - Arrange from Touhou Kanjyuden*Users who purchase all 4 songs will receive the \"SYAMEIMARU\" avatar for use in game.,Thanks for keeping this game up and running, but the latest update (Apr 22 2019) removed EN language. I may be one of the few who uses EN but it would be nice to keep playing with my only spoken language.,Due to the continued growth of the music list, we noticed that the game start up time have increased. We have worked on improving the game start up speeds by looking into the connection process and how data is handled. By using the latest version  (ver1.2.1.0007), we have updated the game to start up faster.  We hope that you will continue to enjoy GrooveCoaster. Additional InfoThe latest version has been tested and updated. We have also prepared a way to use the old build, in case you have trouble with the new system build, Right click and open the menu by selecting the GrooveCoaster icon in the [Library]   Select, “Property”, “Beta”,”Old Version”, to play the game with the previous build.*The game client will be started with the Ver1.2.1.0006 build.*This version will be removed after we have confirmed the newest build is stable.,the game still have a lot of problems from day one until now, and get more troubles with the last \"update\"- Rip english languagebut... meanwhile on the early builds, we have:- Still broken offset- No \"fast/slow\" indicators meanwhile the arcade versi...,Groove Coaster fans you ready for some tricky tunes by t+pazolite? This weeks pack has the song \"Good Night, Bad Luck.\" clocking in at 285 BPM! So get those fingers flexed and kiss your keyboard goodbye, as it's about to get real! We have a total of 4 DLC songs in this DLC pack, details following below. As always the songs can be bought as single DLC for $1.99 or can be purchased as a 4 song DLC Pack at 20% off!https://store.steampowered.com/bundle/10637/t+pazolite Pack Good Night, Bad Luck. / t+pazolite Groove Prayer -tpz Despair Remix- / t+pazolite QLWA / t+pazolite Satisfiction (Massive New Krew Remix) / t+pazolite,Posted: April 29Poor experience, I could've only done the tutorial and then the game crashes. WHenever I restart it, it closes itself after the \"welcome to Groove Coaster\" sound.Seems like sone ppl have same bugs as me, but the thread was started on August, 2018.Nothing done to this day, so...,What's weird is that sometimes they register so idkEDIT:  I meant scratches (title said slides)And the weirdness seems to be when transitioning to or from a scratch to another action where you have to hold.I think it's 'cuz my gamepad doesn't have a...,We haven't had a hundred concurrent players in months. This is sad. We are not going to get much developer support without players. Because the developers don't get paid if there aren't people buying the game.Is the market not aware of the game? Is the ...,I've sunk nearly 100$ into this game, and people are still upset about various things.Until the devs work on it, and actually improve the game - i'm done feeding the cash cow.i love the game, don't get me wrong - but I feel you are making more than enou...,Posted: May 4I like the arcade version of this game. Unfortunately I can't recommend the PC version. Even if it says \"full controller support\" it actually requires some tedious switching, and it somehow doesn't work the way you think it would work. You also don't have access to all the songs. I understand they need to pay for the licensing for all of the songs, but it's so expensive (even as a bundle and when on sale!) that it doesn't feel worth it.Also honestly it's actually a pretty bad rhythm game (coming from a veteran of DDR, DanceManiaX, GitaDora, Pump It Up, Ez2Dancer/Ez2Dj, and many many other rhythm games). The way the camera and perspective changes during the song can (and is meant to) throw you off, which is completely unnecessary for rhythm games tbh. It isn't the same as BPM shifts or stops in other games. You can see the notes coming but the depth perception issues can cause you to miss anyway, until you memorize the song at least.But of course once you do memorize the song you get into a groove and it feels good. That's what I liked about it in the arcades. But yeah most of my favorite songs are DLCs. Not worth it to me."
"426"	"388479"	"Euro Truck Simulator 2 - Hungarian Paint Jobs Pack"	2016-04-19	0.99	"Indie,Simulation"	"About This ContentCustomize your truck with your country flag! A choice of five unique paint jobs will come handy if you feel you need to show your affiliation... Puszta Five Matyó Flowers Strength, Fidelity and Hope Hungarian Metallic Pattern Hungarian Flag DecalAll of these themes are applicable to any in-game truck except for 8x4 chassis configurations."	"We're happy to announce the upcoming arrival of the official support for Razer Chroma[www.razer.com] in both American Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2. Starting with the 1.35 Update, our games will support Razer keyboards, mouses and RGB mousemats (headset will use only one colour scheme). Sure, you might think what's the big deal about some \"game of lights\", but take a look at our video and the list of functions below. Adds a little bit extra to the immersion, doesn't it?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbaxzoKHCTwDuring the tutorial, the keys being currently explained will be distinguished by colours and the \"continue\" key will be blinking greenSome keys will be active only when the truck electrics is onSteering left/right and throttle/brake keys are distinguished by colour (typically WASD keys)Key for the parking brake is lit when active and blinking when the engine is onLights keys show lights state (parking, low beam, high beam)Blinker keys are blinking (the same goes for all speeds of flasher and wipers)Gear up/ down keys are active only for non-automatic gearboxCamera keys are distinguished by colour and the active camera key is differentRoute Advisor pages keys are distinguished by colour and the active page key is differentTrailer connect key shows state of the trailer: green for available connect, red for connecting in progress, green blinking for job deliveryActivation key (typically Enter) is blinking when activation possible (eg. gas station, toll etc.)When pumping gas, the keyboard shows tank state and there is a falling wave visualizing flowing gas. When full, the keyboard is greenKey for the differential lock is lit when the differential is locked and it blinks when there is a differential lock warning in Route AdvisorWhen the job is finished, a wave goes across the keyboard, mouse and mousepad in colour of the received medalPolice fine keyboard blinkingWhen the truck is damaged a red wave moves across the keyboardAll keys and other accessories slowly pulse when the job's time is running outMouse and mousepad's left side LEDs show current player speed in green and in red when the player is speedingThe cruise control key is yellow when CC can be turned on, blue when it is on. Keys for CC speed up and down are lit when CC is onKeys for lifting axle and trailer axle are lit only when lifting is availableCvar g_color_feedback can be used to disable colour feedback altogether. This cvar can also be set in Options > Controls > Color feedback.,Tem uma configuração chamada Distancia Preferida para carga não sei pra que serve e o que acontece se eu por no maximo ou no minimo ? é bom ou é melhor não mexer nisso ?,We have been teasing you over the past few weeks with lots of exciting new content for the upcoming 1.35 update, both for Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator. We hope that you are as excited as we are for all the fantastic new features that you will soon get to experience![/url]As we are on the horizon for the release of the 1.35 Open Beta, we would like to take the opportunity to show you in greater detail the new roads that you will soon get to experience. This Thursday, on the 2nd of May, live from 16:00 UTC (17:00 CET), we will be streaming live on Steam and Twitch[www.twitch.tv]. As always, they will be hosted by our renowned LondonLad (Alex). Joining him will be a few different guests from around the office. They will be showing you many of the new roads coming to Euro Truck Simulator 2 in the latest update, so make sure not to miss it, as we still have plenty to reveal. As usual, we will also be giving away some game keys during the stream. For fans of American Truck Simulator, we look forward to doing a similar stream in Episode 2 very soon in the future too!To celebrate the upcoming momentous update, Tobii[www.tobii.com] has kindly agreed to sponsor a giveaway of their amazing Tobii Eye Tracker 4C[gaming.tobii.com]. The Tobii Eye Tracker is a revolutionary device that enhances game-play through both eye and head tracking, without the need to wear any extra paraphernalia. It will be supported in the 1.35 update for both games, and we will be streaming with it on Thursday.[1.bp.blogspot.com]The device will be shipped to 1 lucky winner. To participate, look out for the hashtag presented during the stream, and tweet/mention it on Instagram or Twitter, for the duration of the stream. The winner will be randomly selected from tweets/posts with the hashtag, and announced a few days later.If you do not manage to win one, fret not, as there will be more opportunities to do so in the future. If you are looking to buy a Tobii tracker of your own, Thursday will be a good time to do so. In addition to sponsoring the giveaway, Tobii is running a limited-time discount of 25% off the usual price when you use the promotion code that will be displayed during the stream.So what are you waiting for? Mark your calendars and remember to join us on Thursday to learn about the new roads coming to Euro Truck Simulator 2 in 1.35, and stand a chance to win your very own Tobii Eye Tracker 4C! Everyone is invited!,With the recent announcement of Sardinia, many from our community thought this would be the biggest addition to come in the 1.35 update. We'd like to contest that claim, as another part of the Germany rebuild is arriving in this update as well! This time, our map design team has been focusing on east and south-east areas of Germany, and they really haven't been holding back! Check out the change list to see for yourself!Over 2000 km in-game kilometers of reconstructed roads.New Autobahns with gentle curvesTwo completely new Autobahns (A38 and A71)Open landscapes & panoramic viewsBrand new landmarks.A major rebuild in NürnbergTypical \"Autohof\" service stationshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWm9wc1BDP8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgDrJhMk584https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUJc_2CJq3c[2.bp.blogspot.com],hey Leute ich habe eine Frage, und zwar wie bekomme ich es hin dass ich langstrecken fahren kann?Ja  den streckenregler hab ich schon eingestellt aber wird nicht im spiel übernommen.ps.: im single playerVielen dank im Vorraus für die Hilfe,Posted: May 3Product received for freedrive,Posted: April 28Would like to add more trailers to Trailer dealer.,Posted: April 29Game is awesome. The graphics are good. The controls are also great. Just not that great using keyboard arrow keys to steer. I just wish they had combined Euro Truck Simulator 2 with American Truckers and made it a single game,https://steamcommunity.com/groups/CvEx_,I have a Sim-racing setup and i was wondering if you can play the game without an H-Shifter on Manual. For some reason PC wont detect my TH-8A H-Shifter (wtf?) and i was wondering if i can still play properly.,HiSo on my savegame that is as old as the game, i got a bloody truck missing parts that i can't get rid ofCan't sell it, can't move it, can't fire it's driver, can't modify it to reattach parts,...Tried that \"g_remove_missing_accessories 1\" command,..."
"427"	"728600"	"Depth - Quill Goblin Skin"	2017-10-31	NA	"Action,Indie,Gore"	"About This ContentFight with the ferocity of an all new Abyssal skin for the Goblin Shark, Quill! The Quill DLC also includes a special Collector Coin for display in-game. Quill is a dangerous member of the Mitsukurinidae family and was discovered by a deep-sea exploration robot off the coast of Japan. Unfortunately the robot met its end and earned Quill her name when she ran one of her fearsome horned spikes directly through the machine.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Frequent Violence or Gore, General Mature Content"	"Depth: Haywire 2.0S.T.E.V.E. has gone haywire opening safes! Fight for control of S.T.E.V.E. then make it out with him and the riches!- Teams score points by taking control of the area around S.T.E.V.E. and holding it until the Safe unlocks.- The first team to reach a score of 3 points wins.- Occasionally you may be offered the position of shark for your team.- Use your limited time as a shark to push the enemy team back from S.T.E.V.E.Haywire 2.0 EventPlay in the event to unlock Aquatekk and Impact Labs themed rewards! Support the Haywire 2.0 event to unlock supporter rewards and earn 300% event score!Newly released event skins will be tradeable and marketable a week after the event's conclusion.Support the event!New Shark: CopperThe Copper shark is fast, strong, and full of rage. Although smaller, the Copper has a knack for channeling its rage to survive against all odds.To Unlock:Win as the Bull.AbilityEndureThe Copper uses Rage to prevent death for a short duration. Endure's duration rises with Rage built from nearby diver activity, lasting up to 4s. Must be above 25% Rage to activate.100% Rage Gain120% Rage Gain140% Rage GainEmote CraftingRecycle your old emotes into something rarer!Available in the Store's Crafting area., i mean, can i lunge for run away right after grabbing diver and then trash them at the safe zone (no diver no bomb etc),Posted: April 30Keep it short and simple.This is a fantastic game that is tons of fun. However it's a multiplayer only game and it hovers around 300 or less people.So unless you have friends to play with, or you don't care about playing with others from different regions with bad ping.I'd have to say avoid this game as it's pretty much almost dead on PC. Only reason I give it a no for recommendation.  If I could suggest anything for the devs. You have an awesome game but the player count is almost gone. Consider going Free to play, and put more focus in your micro transaction store with cosmetics & possibly adapting the passes you see in cs go, rocket league etc. For when you do your events in game.,If anyone is trying to sell or willing to sell their Dunkleosteus skin I am looking to buy one.I will buy it for $42 right now on the community market.I have a buy order setup right now, so if you want to sell it fast just put it up on the market for $4...,So I just bought the supporter pass, and I noticed my progress bar just gets extended by twice as far. But the items before the highlighted levels haven't been unlocked yet? Is this a bug? Should I contact the GM?Also, the message says supporter pass gi...,Posted: April 29too many cheaters, need more10 sad sharky of 10,The threequel to the critically acclaimed science-fiction series 'Sharks with Frickin' Lasers Beams' is out now!  Years have passed, and the surviving Laser Sharks are back even stronger.  The oceans are being terrorized, and the world has once again tasked an elite group of divers to stop them at any cost.  The fight for ocean supremacy has begun again!,Make haywire permanent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...,BAD ENGLISH !I just started play depth, dont flame me if you are \"pro esport\" . Everyone get started back thenIt's like i cannot win at all if i play with shark, i managed to get 11-16 kills everytimethis is my game play summary :i only play as s...,Posted: May 1BEST OCEAN GAME POSSIBLE!!!!!!!"
"428"	"420828"	"FaceRig Political Avatars"	2016-10-06	NA	"Animation & Modeling,Video Production"	"About This ContentThis year we thought we'd go for a \"different kind of spooky\" for the upcoming Halloween, so we're bringing you....  two presidential candidates. Candidate Hill and Candidate Don are here for you to use :). Be funny or political to your heart's content as this addition is absolutely free, across all platforms where FaceRig is available :D."	"Awesome folks,From all of us at Holotech Studios, we wish you a Happy Easter!We will be on vacation starting tomorrow (26th of April) until the 2nd of May. This means thatduring this period our online presence, both on social media and on the support channels will be minimal. Have fun and we'll see you guys six days from now!,i don't know why it happened. it's the first time i download it, but it just frozen when i start.not any extra message come out, just frozen........,I want to make a 3D model and upload it to Facerig. How can I upload it? What are the requirements of the model I need to make?,为什么打不开facerig(I can't open it),What features or capabilities does Facerig Studio for Individual Creators have over the Facerig Pro version?Is it worth the cost for professional work?,facerig process failed to launch. error code return c000007b,Posted: May 3This software will not respond of you have to wear glasses,,Posted: May 1Product received for freeAwesome app but ♥♥♥♥ing anoying error c0000135 at lauch, somoone help me ?"
"429"	"798980"	"Lingua Magicka - Japanese Language Pack"	2018-05-23	NA	"Adventure"	"About This ContentThis DLC is for those players who want to add Japanese as one of the target languages on Lingua Magicka.While navigating a magical 3D world, players will be able to highlight every object by pointing and clicking on it with the mouse, revealing their translated name and pronunciation, recorded by native speakers, specifically for this adventure. Start learning Japanese today!"	"Hola, bonjour, 你好,and こんにちは! We want to give a HUGE thank you to the more than 500 people who have downloaded our Lingua Magicka demo and to everybody who has added Lingua Magicka to their wishlists! As a small team of indie developers, we are so overwhelmed by the response to our game — we’re so glad to have to you on this first part of Trist’s journey! Lingua Magicka is truly a labor of love among a multi-lingual, international team of indie game developers in the United States and the Canary Islands. While our team may be small, it is filled with passionate and talented people who want to make this (and the other titles we currently have in development) the best game possible. This is why we’ve decided to push back Lingua Magicka’s release date until January 31, 2019. We realize that a number of you will be bummed by this, but we feel it's better to delay and give all of you something we're proud of, then to rush to market. October was always a very ambitious release date considering what we are hoping to do with this game, but we want to make sure our team has enough time to really make this title great. We hope that players will continue to discover and enjoy our demo in the coming months and we can’t wait to show off the progress we’ve been making on creating Trist’s world. Thank you again to the players for keeping the magic alive! -BoomBox & LanguageNation,Hi, I was looking forward to this game. Is it delayed?,why?,Is there anything to distinguish this from the already existing Influent? I mean, the interface already looks extremely similar to each other.,I notice that the professor is names \"Professor Esperanto\", and that the house has a lot of green. Will Esperanto be in this game by any chance?,It just takes the Steam client to the game's store page."
"430"	"605958"	"Dark Weaver - Awesomenauts Droppod"	2017-04-26	13.99	"Strategy,Action,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Dark Weaver is a customized droppod you're able to use in Awesomenauts. By purchasing the Dark Weaver directly from the Steam Store, you can bypass any other requirements that might be necessary for unlocking it with in-game currency.The Dark Weaver started out as a secret project to create a time travelling pod, and was meant to weave the strings of time. In the end, it only managed to create loud, pulsing soundwaves instead of actually travelling through time. Nevertheless, the craft is now being used as a functional and fairly comfortable droppod, where passengers are able to listen to the latest hits as they resonate through the embryonic chamber that keeps them safe."	"This week's sweet deals are live! All the skins, Nauts and announcers that are featured are 60% off! That's our biggest discount ever! These Nauts are also unlocked in-game this week for everyone to play, on top of our regular unlock rotation! 🎉Score the sweet deals here: https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Skins:Coco McFly Ravishing Raelynn Demon Skolldir Cheerleader Penny Ahrpl Party Boy McPain Summertime Chucho Soulhuntress RaelynnNauts:Skolldir Penny Fox Derpl Zork Chucho Krokk Qi'TaraAnnouncers:SUSI Announcer The Mind Collection Announcer,Here is mine. Why wouldn't you  share your code with us?  QUH4-VP48-PA4G This thread only works as intended, if you randomly pick someone's Recruitment code, while leaving yours for the rest of us. 1:1 is a fair trade, amirite? Find you...,HI,Is there a faster way to gain solar?Thanks,Awesomenauts will soon be celebrating its 7th birthday! To spice up the party, we will be having the biggest and longest sale we’ve EVER had! Starting from Monday April 22nd, selected characters, skins and announcers will be 60% off, these corresponding characters will also be unlocked and playable for everyone (on top of the random weekly rotation)! Sales and characters are renewed every Monday and this cycle will go on for at least the next 2 months (and most likely longer)! More details of Nauts’ birthday celebrations will follow in due course 👍This is a great time to introduce a friend who you think might like Nauts, they'll get to play the complete roster over the coming weeks and also score some sweet deals! 👌We've recently also started a series on our weekly stream (https://www.twitch.tv/ronimogames) where community members teach Niel how to play their favourite Nauts and try to get him to League 1. If you're interested in becoming Niel's coach and joining us on stream, send Niel a message on discord (https://discordapp.com/invite/ronimo). It's a lot of fun but be prepared to get frustrated 😜P.S: Also keep an eye out for weeks where we unlock all characters for everyone!For a taster, get these skins 60% off now! https://store.steampowered.com/search/?term=awesomenauts Grandmaster Splash   Mousquetaire Leon   Disco Voltar   Kage Genji   Gnabot   Dragon Huntress Ksenia   Unicorn Nibbs   Dark Masquerade   Qi’Tara,Posted: April 30Long wait in Q for games + toxic community,Posted: May 1It's perfectly fine as a 2D moba. Issue now is really just there are barely any players so matchmaking is shot. Bots are ok, but it gets boring after awhile. It's had it's day, but it's also free if you want to give it a go by all means.,Posted: April 30not very awesome, for me the game just doesnt seem a fit but maybe some of you could give it a try,What is the Future of Ronimo?New Game?Continuing development until Awesomenauts is completely dead? ,Too often a poorly matched match occurs because the best players for that match were still in a game at the time the queue ended. Please add a checkbox on queuing that says \"Skip to next queue if a suitable match is not found.\" This way one could play 1 g...,I've noticed there's an easy way to tell if your teammates suck based on the way they move.The way their strafe patterns are, the way they manage around jump pads and platforms, if you press 2 and see what their response is (do they move immediately base..."
"431"	"794010"	"Sphere III - Premium Pack"	2018-02-01	9.99	"Action,Free to Play,RPG,Massively Multiplayer"	"About This ContentThe premium pack contains plenty of useful items and will allow you to enjoy the game to its fullest. It includes useful consumables, a swift mount for traversing the Sphere and no less than a month of premium status!Buying this pack will give you items at a significant discount! Please note that the premium pack can only be purchased once.The pack contains: Premium status for 31 dayPremium status doubles the amount of gold and items awarded for killing monsters, increases the amount of experience and honor you receive by 10%, provides an additional bag slot and gives plenty of other useful bonuses.  Chestnut horse whistle (30 days)Summons a fast mount that increases your movement speed and maximum health. Fox cub whistle (30 days)Summons a cute pet that collects items for its master. Rare arcanum of might (3 items)Increases physical and magic damage for 3 days. Resurrection scroll (10 items)Allows player to resurrect on the spot without losing experience. Teleportation stone (20 items)Transports the player to an already discovered teleporter from anywhere in the world. Some items from the pack cannot be transferred to other players.The purchased pack can be claimed from the \"Gifts\" tab."	"It’s time to delve into the ancient history times and bring back the forgotten artifacts. While the event lasts, you may find special event characters in Cinderkrag if you fight for the human kingdoms or in Hellsong tavern if you’re fighting for the demons host. Completing daily quests will give you ancient coins that can be spent on special elixirs to improve your character, new titles or unique ancient rings with unusual properties.You can spend your coins at the event vendor located in the same cities. Additional coins can be obtained by killing monsters or directly from GXP store.Having an active premium account doubles the chance of looting coins from monsters.Good luck!,Wtf happened with immertel server?Anyone that speaks english plays this?,The following changes have been made to the game:New gameplay mechanics: You may now obtain a title for your character. Right now it can be done by participating in the rated arena matches. You may now upgrade the quality of your gear.Changes to the existing mechanics: New map filters have been added to include the item recycling NPC marker. All players’ map filter preferences have been reset. Upgrade transfer has been improved: during the transfer more item levels will be shifted to the new item than before. Elite monsters may now sometimes be encountered among the common ones. They tend to be more powerful than their lesser brethren and drop better loot. The equipment effectiveness rating has been introduced to the game. It will allow you to appraise and compare the power of different items! Note that it also takes the stat bonuses from your decorative items into account. It can be seen in the item description. Character window now also displays the total effectiveness of the character’s gear (showing its actual value and the maximum value available at the current level). Equipment upgrade button has been added to the character interface. The contents of the challenge arena reward chests have been updated: increased the number of upgrade stones and upgrade scrolls. Challenge arena monster stats have been updated to increase difficulty.Premium account benefits have been increased: Bonus experience for killing monsters has been increased from 10% to 25%; Bonus experience for crafting items has been increased from 10% to 25%; 3 additional challenge arena attempts (up from 1); Premium account owners’ equipment now degrades 10 times slower (used to degrade 3 times slower).Bug fixes: Fixed the altar bonus remaining active in other locations. Upgrading the quality of an equipped item now correctly updates the stats of the character wearing this gear. Headgear stats are now displayed correctly. Fixed the bug which prevented monks’ fanatical rage effect from stacking. Minor interface tweaks and changes.,I've been into this game for quite some time. My record on steam doesn't show it cuz I play non-steam version. Just wondering if there is anyone that plays this apart from russian crowd... If you happen to read this and find yourself in my words - pm Owon...,When will they be released? I just started playing Sphere III again and im curious on when these 2 races will be able to be played as,i was open a game and launcher goes up but \"PLAY\" button deactived and when i used full check or change server after a couple hours it show me this message \" server connection error. \" and Also if i click on reconnect after all not changes gonna happen an...,Hello,0 News on HP, Forums etc ! What the next steps of the Game ?best regards"
"432"	"870810"	"Stay Safe - Soundtrack"	2018-05-31	2.99	"Action,Racing"	"About This ContentCOLORSWAP Studios wanted to blast headphones and hearts with STAY SAFE Original Soundtrack. In order to do that, COLORSWAP remastered the 4 tracks you found in the game, crafting a proper EP, more suitable for listening apart of playing that dirty, infernal game!We really hope you deeply enjoy these 22:50 minutes of Darkwave / Synthwave and Orchestral music!! (MP3 / FLAC; unlooped)Tracklist:1. The Sandglass Crack2. Analog Virtual Dreams3. Oblivion Road4. The Kernel Track"	"I understand that having difficulty be a factor in a game is a design choice. I also understand it's another to have it be a joke or otherwise referenced (\"re-try\" becoming \"re re-try\"). However, I think labeling the option to return to the main menu or q...,Does someone knows how to make xbox one controller work on that game?,No matter my input I can't seem to fly high enough to get the green capsule in the level Raising (one of the very first). Is there anything special to do to fly as high as possible in terms of input ? Or am I missing something with the course itself ? I'd...,I've downloaded the demo because I wanted to be 100% sure that the game was controller supported. But no matter what I do, my steam controller doesn't do anything at all. My controller works fine in any other game and when I open the steam UI it functions...,So far, good impressions! I'm not sure I'm going to like it as much as Thumper, but that's a high bar :) . A few things, though, ordered by painfulness:- Up & down feel reverse to me, instinctively I'd like my ship to go down when I press down. I get yo..."
"433"	"1022180"	"And I Must Scream"	2019-02-16	NA	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This GameAnd I Must Scream is an experience horror game that takes the player through a journey of kid's imagination of how he perceives the world around him. Control Max as he navigates the literal and metaphorical landscapes of trauma on his search for strength and acceptance.,Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:The game handles the topic of acceptance of trauma."	"Posted: March 5Runs like a lame, arthritic tortoise and plays like the worst version of the scarecrow levels from Arkham Asylum that your mind could possibly conceive. Viewing the sun through a high powered telescope would be easier on the eyes and mind than this audio-visual nightmare. If you don’t believe me then look on my works, ye mighty Steam users, and despair!https://youtu.be/nG_iAUwGbkE,Posted: March 5https://youtu.be/20Nd75HZRNc Need a lil polishing, overall... good. Also, the achievement ain't working.,Posted: March 9gamesense,Posted: April 15Really like the art style!"
"434"	"485020"	"Lost Sea Soundtrack"	2016-07-05	4.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentExperience the music of Lost Sea in the official soundtrack. Featuring original tracks composed by David Lugo, the OST contains 28 tracks with a combined total of about 57 minutes playtime.Tracklist:01. Main Theme02. Tutorial03. Sailing Map04. Jungle Zone 105. Jungle Zone 206. Jungle Zone 307. Jungle Zone 408. Desert Zone 109. Desert Zone 210. Swamp Zone 111. Swamp Zone 212. Snow Zone 113. Snow Zone 214. Snow Zone 315. Atlantis Zone 116. Atlantis Zone 217. Atlantis Zone 318. Atlantis Zone 419. Boss Battle 120. Boss Battle 221. Boss Battle 322. Boss Battle 423. Boss Battle 524. Boss Battle 625. Victory26. Credits27. Menu (Bonus Track)28. Credits Alternative (Bonus Track)"	"anyone else having an issue connecting an Xbox One controller, the game seems to be stuck puching left on the right stick not allowing me to change anything,Guys i've noticed that the controls can't be modified, and that is for me a real struggle, because i don't have a gamepad and play with the default controls of the keyboard is really complicateCan you resolve this?Thanks,I have a steam controller and when I run the game, the camera spins to the right constantly.  I cannot stop the spin at all.  what could be  throwing this off?  I only have keyboard, mouse and steam controller connected.,Running Linux Mint 17.2 Rafela.  I run the game and it gives me a window to select graphics.  I click okay and it crashes instantly.  Is there a fix for this?,Unfortunately can not play the game due to the reason in the topic title.It seems that it is already 12:00pm PDT. Is it common problem?"
"435"	"802000"	"AppGameKit - Games Pack 2"	2018-03-29	4.99	"Design & Illustration,Utilities,Animation & Modeling,Education,Web Publishing,Software Training"	"About This ContentAppGameKit Games Pack 2 includes full games, spanning multiple genres, that demonstrate how to use AppGameKit to create your game and shows the diversity you can achieve.Each of the 14 games (and 1 utility) come with full source code, allowing you to see and learn how the developers (all AppGameKit community members) of these games made them.In this compendium, you will find:Gold Rush - this fast-paced simple matching game will keep you on your toes! Mine as many gems and gold in the time available!Freddy and the Virtual Worlds - a classic platform game. Guide Freddy around the many levels and use his special wind-assisted power to beat the enemies!Drop 'em - think in 3D with this mind-bending puzzle game :-)Tarmac Tommy - Help Tommy drive around the game levels, picking up coins and fuel!Yttrium Wars - inspired by 80s Amiga shoot-em-ups, this side scroller will test the best of players!Diamond Demolition - this casual colour matching game is a great time filler :-) Bad Robot - retro arcade gaming at it's finest. Shoot before you get shot!Super Box Man - a classic game genre that will have you scratching your head within the first few levels!Wordy for kids - test your kids or your own word and spelling skills in this puzzle game :-) Zombies Stole My Video Game - a simple arcade shooter that speeds up and becomes more frantic as time passes, how long will you last?Code Breaker - a real brain-teaser with some extra modes to test the best at this classic game genre!Froggy - a scrolling action game with multiple levelsSpace Monkey - a space arcade gameHopper - classic road crossing fun!Particle Editor - a great tool for designing particle effectsEach game has been created in AppGameKit and shows the polish and excellence that can be achieved with this amazing programming language; giving you confidence that using AppGameKit to start your programming career can lead to success on Steam, Apple App Store and Google Play.All the games are compiled to run on a Windows PC only. Mac and Linux users can still use the source code to compile their own builds."	"AppGameKit Giant Asset Pack 1 is updated again with 175 new space themed sprites!Here's what's new:42 space ships123 scenery graphics10 background imagesUsers who own this DLC will receive these updates free of charge.Order your copy of the AppGameKit Giant Asset Pack 1 today while it's on a massive 60% off discount!https://store.steampowered.com/app/410530/AppGameKit__Giant_Asset_Pack_1/,Hi,i just discovered the SaveObject command in App Game Kit. The help page says that it's not functional and i tried to use this to replicate this. Does someone know when the command is avaiable? Would be really nice to have this, that simplify's the wor...,AppGameKit Giant Asset Pack 2 is updated again with over 160 spooky castle themed sprites!Here's what's new:59 Castle themed sprites61 Hero sprite frames44 Monster SpritesUsers who own this DLC will receive these updates free of charge.Order your copy of the AppGameKit Giant Asset Pack 2 today while it's on a massive 60% off discount!https://store.steampowered.com/app/410531/AppGameKit__Giant_Asset_Pack_2/,Im making a super hexagon type game and i need to move the player sprite around a specific point on the screen but cant figure out how, can anybody help me?,Been wanted to make something like War in the Pacific, a strategy wargame. Kinda like Hearts of Iron Series. But turn based on the strategic map, then action phase in real time to watch what going on around the world map.So wasnt sure if this tool will ...,I'm not really experience in coding with \"multiplayer\" commands and that's the reason why I would like to ask if it is possible to create an app in AGK where you can create an account and chat with each other (and save the messages for the different accou...,Fellow programmers,I seek to develop software/app/game using world maps (preferably real GIS vektor/raster data) as backdrop/interactive element. My question is how accessible \"zooming and panning\" around such 2D-(map)data would be in AGK? Idea best ill..."
"436"	"1020100"	"Liftoff - Night Fever"	2019-02-18	4.99	"Indie,Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentNight Fever! Moonlight filtering through a sleeping forest, early morning mist filling the fields, a light show on the fairgrounds and a flock of FPV quads competing on a neon-track. The world of Liftoff has Night Fever!This DLC IncludesA nighttime version of Straw BaleA nighttime version of Pine ValleyA glow party version of Minus TwoA nighttime version of Autumn FieldsA nighttime version of Liftoff ArenaA nighttime version of HannoverA nighttime version of Paris Drone FestivalA nighttime version of The PitA nighttime version of The GreenA nighttime version of Hall 26A nighttime version of Bardwell's YardA cyberpunk version of The Drawing Board20 exclusive glow in the dark frame skinsExclusive glow in the dark propellers2 new themed songs by Nightime Burnout"	"Can't get enough of that awesome Liftoff vibe? The most iconic soundtrack in FPV is now available on Spotify!Listen to the Liftoff [open.spotify.com] and Night Fever[open.spotify.com] OST, created by Nightime Burnout for free anywhere at any time!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2PO1tMltn0,I love the simulator, i really do. But it's not normal that with my pc specs i have drops to 50 fps and a lot of stuttering.I'm playing DRL at 140 fps, Velocidrone at 250 FPS, Fortnite at 120 FPS, no drops.CPU and GPU usage at 30-40%. I've tried a lot o...,https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1731372944A couple of the beams on that spot (on the left side of the girder structure atop of the building close tot he default starting point, over the first round thing under the tower with the s...,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zynaU7oJZls,A small update with some bugfixes and fun additions!ChangelistOptimised loading of custom tracks and races. This could reduce their loading time by ±50%. Also reduces memory usage.Added festivity props (visible at different times of the year).Official tracks have been updated to have a pitstop: battery recharge and repair areas.When in a battery recharge or repair trigger, icons will be displayed in the HUD.Game triggers and checkpoints are now made visible by default. (can be turned off in Game Options)Added Baked Potatoe skin for Mashed Potato tournament participants.Added track and race Workshop import option to the track builder to recover lost files.Fixed issue with not being able to select FPV cams and action cams in the workbench.,-------------| Summary |------------The main idea here is that the players are each given a turn to be the leader.  During their turn as leader, they pick their way through a race (one that has many multiple choices at each gate) creating a path to foll...,Posted: April 28so, ive been looking for a FPV racing simulator for a little while now. ive tried DRL sim, and it was honestly kinda meh, and then i tired velocidrone and bought it since it was good enough to just put around in and race some friends in. then i heard about this, tried it during makers faire cinci, and loved it. ive never done an real life race before with my personal Armattan Mongoose (with race precision rates) and let me tell you, the freestyle is on point with real life, and the handling and feel is also very much there. the one thing that i did notice wasnt there is when you hit leaves, you also hit branches and sticks, and that damages your props a lot more than what it does in game (i know from experience.) the one thing that this game has over the two other sims that ive tried is realistic physics, and realistic handling. another thing that i feel that this game has that others doesn't, is a very live community, and a community that helps tweak things, and provides way more tracks for the game than what comes stock! if anyone has read this far, dont think twice to purchase this game, just go ahead and do it! its great, and easy to master if you know what you are in for when doing a solo race. the bots/ghosts get better and better as you progress! if you feel like your flying slow, use the arrow keys on your keyboard to angle your camera based on how you feel with flying! i have mine set at 55/58 degrees because i felt like i was going too quick and looking up way to far to see the gates.,Hi,I was hoping to find some option like in betaflight such as turtle mode, to bind to the TX.Would it be possible to do a feature request for this ?Erik,Posted: May 3It will be perfect if it have tinywhoobs!!!!!!!!!,Posted: April 28how do i fix the video quality/resuluion,This is THE update you've all been waiting for. The community has been vocal about the things that they feel are important in FPV, and we are happy to deliver. Changelist 1.1.3Added Potatoe skin for the Rotor Riot CL1 frame. The Potatoe:From the country that gave the world fries (read: Belgium), we are happy to add the much requested Potatoe to Liftoff. For the first time ever flying the CL1 frame is not just a competitive choice, it's a style choice. Dinner is served! also included:Added Xhover Skyeliner frame.Added unlockable skin for the Skyeliner frame.Added trigger indicator elements to the track editor.Fixed large initial frame stutters when starting flight.Fixed issue with Gecko frame where a second antenna was visible.Fixed issue with battery recharge trigger block.Fixed issue with battery voltage recovery indicators.Trigger icons in the track builder are now scale indipendent.Minor bugfixesPS: this is not an early April Fools joke. We consider all community wishes with great care and respect. "
"437"	"983200"	"Bird Memory"	2018-11-28	0.99	"Casual,Indie"	"About This GameBird Memory is a learning and training memory game. A game for the child with the reproduction of the selected bird. Different levels of difficulty.Choose pair cards with birds to win and train attention.Simple educational game."	""
"438"	"545200"	"Super Blackjack Battle 2 Turbo Edition - The Card Warriors"	2017-03-03	NA	"Casual,Sports,Card Game"	"Reviews“Super Blackjack Battle II Turbo Edition is the Street Fighter II/Blackjack Mashup we deserve”Touch Arcade,About This GameSuper Blackjack Battle II Turbo Edition introduces a roster of 12 very different characters all competing to become the greatest Blackjack player of all time.Following an invitation by the owner of the largest Casino in Las Vegas and Godfather of the local most influential crime family, each character will face the other participants in a face-off game of cards. Only the best of them will fly to Vegas to challenge the Godfather himself in a final match, not knowing that the tournament itself is nothing more than a charade to hide a ruthless master plan to defeat the competing clan family...So what's the deal with this game?It's Blackjack!It tributes to a well-known arcade fighting game from the '90sA roster with 12 characters from all around the World such as Mark, an undercover FBI Agent, Kamiko from Japan, seeking revenge for her Uncles death or Gregor, a South African warlord.Ten different story lines with individual endings and dialogues in an epic Single player campaignUp to four-player online matches where people can freely drop in and outRanked online PvP mode with online leaderboardsCross-platform online multiplayer for up to four players (once we have released the game to the other systems)"	"Posted: March 6, 2017A tale of two games. The artwork and homage to Street Fighter II is lovely. They have everything down to the continue screen, the trash talk after battles, the stage select screen -- yet done with their own characters and artwork, plus a good sense of humor. Really nice job. The gameplay itself, unfortunately, is lacking. To win a match you either need to finish with more money than your opponent after 10 rounds, or one of you wins if the other goes bankrupt before that. Problem is, you don't really need to win these matches, you just have to try not to lose them. Bet a minimum of $50 every time and watch as your opponent makes all sorts of wild bets, doesn't follow basic Blackjack logic, and bets themselves into a hole they can't come back from, if not busts out before the 10 rounds are up.It's on the verge of being a solid, fun little game, but until the AI is improved, it's difficult to recommend. If they ever smarten up the AI to provide more of a challenge, I'll happily change my recommendation to positive.,Posted: March 22, 2017I must admit that this game caught my attention the first time I stumbled upon it. The combination of Street Fighter 2 and Blackjack is rare enough and promising. The artstyle is on point, the different nods and references are well done and detailed and anyone who played Street Fighter back in the days will get that fuzzy feeling of nostalgia in their tummies just a couple of seconds into the game. The characters, the cutscenes, the cheesy dialogues...everything's there.At heart, it is a Blackjack card game, each round you bet money and try to get a combinated card value of 21 (or near). But here comes the twist:  Not only do you play against the house in classic Blackjack tradition but also against an opponent from some corner of the world. You win by either your opponent going bankrupt or you having more money than him by the end of round 10. Here, some strategy is thrown into the mix: Betting high right from the beginning so you win big and your opponent won't the able to catch up? Playing safely by only betting as much as your opponent or hoping he gets unlucky? Many ways to play. Of course the game shines the brightes in online multiplayer as human opponents are way more interesting to play against. I think more and more players will show up over time and I was also being able to play a couple of rounds against others with a little patience.It will take you some time so see all the endings and get all achievements and after that you will have a nice and cool looking time waster for inbetween.,Posted: February 9I may tolerate sexist & nationalist jokes as trash-talk after fights, but the regular unskippable *next round - fight!* & chips exchange animations kill it for me, just seconds.. but all-in-all TOO LONG! Also the AI is so stupid - it uses the same *median* strategy, only the bet sizes differ from character to character, depicting the difference in their risk management approach. It's a small card game, you might have some fun with, nothing special though.,Posted: May 25, 2017Okay... Blackjack players... do NOT waste your cash on this title, no matter how cheap.  I mean, even 2 cents is TOO MUCH to pay for such a terrible, terrible title.I got AAK and it busted me as 22.... I mean.... Really?   And this was after a computer player split a non-pair but no split option is available.  I posted these things to the developer to crickets....  So, no splits, no logic for aces, no actual strategy, no developer support... this is clearly a bad cash-grab with no redeeming features.  Even the art style is completely stolen.  It's bad across the board. ,Posted: March 28, 2017I bet anyone who heard of a crossover between blackjack and SF would be genuinely interested, so lets see how this game holds up.Design, graphics and music-----------------------------No doubt, Super Blackjack Battle 2 Turbo Edition - The Card Warriors borrows alot from a certain game, even its title is straight from Street Fighter. It adds, in my opinion, to the charm of a classic game and also makes it stand out from a sea of blackjack games online. Characters look like they belong into a 90s arcade and the music fits every stage. All in all the overall design is well executed.Gameplay-----------------------------It's blackjack. Plain and simple. There is a single player campaign, where you travel around the world, beat the other characters and get rewarded with a silly quote after each battle and an individual ending after the campaign. Also there are multiplayer modes, with a 4 player mode and ranked and unranked matches. Haven't checked them out yet, as I was playing the campaign only but nevertheless I liked it. The first couple opponents play overly aggressive and beat themselves most of the time, the later ones act more cleverly. But since it is blackjack, it happens that sometimes either you, your opponent or the dealer get lucky. My guess would be that I would like playing against human opponents as much or even more as playing against the AI, so no major complaint regarding the gameplay either.Verdict------------------------------An entertaining little game with an special appeal, it delivers what it promised: A blend of SF and blackjack.,Posted: March 18, 2017This game is pretty bad. The idea is good, the execution is terrible. First of all, the controls/interface are bad. For some reason, it switches which button is the \"hit\" button in different situations, which leads to unintentionally hitting on something you didn't want to. Why not just keep it the same button? Also, after doubling down on a hand, your next hand's starting bet will be the double downed amount. Nobody does that..  The AI bets like a god damn drunk madman at the table. There is no rhyme or reason and it's typically very easy to win. However, sometimes they'll get lucky and because they're betting like a madman, you're almost guarenteed to lose because they went full retard on a bet and you're trying to catch up to them for the rest of the game. But, all those things could be overlooked (to an extent, assuming they'd patch those problems) if the multiplayer even WORKED. It doesn't. There is no multiplayer. I had a friend buy this game with me and I couldn't even invite him to a match. As ridiculous as that is, we figured we could possibly work around it if we both searched for an unranked game at the same time. After 10 minutes of us both searching for a match at the same time, the game had yet to find an opponent for either of us. Same goes for the other multiplayer mode. This game is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and there was absolutely no care put into it. Avoid it.,Posted: April 19, 2017Neat little Blackjack game, being a retro-fan the style really pushed all the right buttons. Yes, the AI is lacking, but I'd say the game's intention is to be mainly played online against other \"real\" opponents. And then, it can be quite fun.,Posted: April 10, 2018One-Sentence SummaryThe aesthetic charm of this title is wasted due to poor game design that makes for an easily exploitable and boring experience for anyone knowledgeable of basic blackjack strategy.Strengths+ Artwork and visual design is nicely done+ Interesting concept for mixing game genres+ Charming emulation of nostalgic SF2 styleWeaknesses- Poor game design choices make for a very boring experience- It's just 10 hands of blackjack then resetting your stack- No emphasis on card-counting or skilled play advantages- Opponent A.I. is too easily exploitableFinal ThoughtsThe concept of using blackjack as the core gameplay mechanic of a fighting game is quite interesting, but it needs to be implemented better than just basically playing 10 hands of blackjack then resetting your chip stack if you win or go bust.  There is absolutely no consequence to going bust since you can just restart against the same opponent with a new stack of chips each time.  For this reason, it behooves you to just go all-in on the first one or two hands and then bet the minimum from then on, just letting your opponent make betting mistakes and beating themselves.The game would work a lot better if there were was more consequence and skill built into the gameplay.  Perhaps if your winnings carried over to the next match, and if \"harder\" opponents had more money and betting styles to match their personalities.  Or perhaps a stronger emphasis on card-counting, where shoe size and shuffling is explicitly mentioned and card-counting gives an actual advantage the further you get into a match.  Or perhaps even getting rid of the dealer's hand and making a zero-sum game of heads-up blackjack where you are directly competing against your opponents hand, and not simply just waiting for them to make betting mistakes.As it currently stands, the game is basically like a SF2-skinned free flash implementation of blackjack limited to 10 hands per round before resetting.  The pure blackjack mode is also uninteresting as there is no skill involved -- it is just betting big early, hopefully winning a few all-in hands early, then playing basic strategy and hoping for a hot streak until you bust.  The winnings do not carry over, and you are given no indication when a shuffle takes place so can not gain a skill advantage by card-counting.While I highly respect the core concept and the work involved in the way the game is presented, the gameplay design itself is very lazy and seems to waste the hard work that went into the other parts of the game.,Posted: May 23, 2017Its good. You can card count, right now they have single deck. Nobody plays the multiplayer!!! That would be so fun! hop on guys lets get some♥♥♥♥♥♥going.,Posted: April 5, 2017Product received for freeSuper Blackjack Battle 2 Turbo Edition - The Card Warriors:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Fans of Blackjack, here is your chance to become the best player on the planet and play the ultimate game against the notorious godfather and owner of the largest casino in Las Vegas. But before reaching this final match, you will have to face champions around the world to book your ticket to Las Vegas. The number 21 is all you must think of. . . Blackjack!Super Blackjack Battle 2 Turbo Edition - The Card Warriors is essentially a card game combined with Street Fighter 2 style of artwork and the fact that you have to beat several opponents to reach the ultimate face off with the godfather himself. The game offers four modes of play – Single player combat, Simply Blackjack, Versus unranked opponent and World Championship (the last two are online modes).Upon selecting the single player combat mode, you will have to choose one of the ten characters to play with. There are another two characters but you have to unlocked them. If you don’t know how to play Blackjack, what you have to do is to get to 21, or as close as possible, to win the round if you play against the house. However, if the house has a number closer to 21, or exactly 21, you lose. In Super Blackjack Battle Turbo Edition – The Card Warriors, you play against the house and an opponent. Each battle has up to ten rounds to complete, but it might take only one round to win or to lose.At the start of each round, you have to place a bet. Then the house will distribute two cards each to you, your opponent and itself. If you think your number is too low, you can ask for another card or stand if you are happy with your number. If the house is the one who is closer to the magic number, your opponent and yourself will lose your bet. If you are the one who is the closet to the number then you win. To beat your opponent and move on to the next round, you must have the highest number of credits after ten rounds, or your opponent will lose all his or her credits before the end of all the rounds. Whether you win or lose, you will be treated with a cheesy comment - a flashback to the Street Fighter 2 comments. Beat all your opponents to win the game.If you like to play just against the house, select the Simply blackjack mode. As I mentioned above, the remaining two modes are online but I didn’t have the opportunity to play against another user.  The artwork is great and nostalgic. In regards to the soundtrack, it’s pretty much the same style as in the iconic fighting arcade game.Positives:~~~~~~~  -Great and nostalgic artwork-Interesting combination-Several modes-AchievementsNegatives:~~~~~~~~  -No trading cards-RepetitiveFun combination and great homage to an iconic arcade fighting game.6/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG![www.zeepond.com]FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
"439"	"899852"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition – Remastered – Night Ranger - “Sister Christian”"	2019-03-12	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Sister Christian\" by Night Ranger on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"440"	"509656"	"Rocksmith® 2014 Edition - Remastered – Robert Palmer - “Addicted To Love”"	2016-11-08	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Addicted To Love\" by Robert Palmer on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"441"	"1003200"	"Talisman - The Realm of Souls Expansion"	2019-02-07	6.99	"Strategy,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentEven when the life leaves your hero the adventure isn’t over…The land beyond the Veil has given birth to a powerful ruler. This King of the Dead commands the forces of the afterlife to cross the Veil to invade the land of the living. In this first Digital exclusive death is no longer the end for the player, only the start of a new adventure. The Realm of Souls expansion brings forth a brand new, digital exclusive mechanic that will allow the heroes of Talisman to traverse the lands of the dead and continue their battles for the Crown. The Realm of Souls Expansion adds; 3 Characters - Archon, Spectre Collector, Clairvoyant. 6 Adventure Cards, 3 Spell Cards, 70 Veil Cards, 3 Terrain Cards, 2 Alternative Endings.Please note that as a first digital exclusive expansion, this content is not included in the Talisman Digital Edition Season Pass."	"ThanksThank you to all supporters of Talisman and its digital counterpart over the past 5 years. Without the fans of Talisman and without fans of Talisman: Digital Edition, we wouldn't be in this position to add to the illustrious tapestry that is Talisman. We love this game and we hope that the future of Talisman continues to be full of adventure and victory. Talisman Season PassWhen we originally introduced the Season Pass purchase option for Talisman on January 10, 2014, we did so in the interest of offering a great deal for players that were wanting to get all of the content we were recreating digitally from the physical board game. Fans that were familiar with the physical board game could get the Season Pass and know that they were getting a digital copy of that complete experience they loved about the physical board game, with the content delivered as we completed creating it over the following months and years.After a couple of weeks of being on sale, it became clear from feedback and discussions that we hadn’t communicated clearly as to what would happen for new content that we wanted to create beyond the 4th edition re-creation. So we updated the store page for the season pass on January 27th 2014 to clarify that the season pass would include content from just the 4th edition board game.Over time, we finished building that 4th edition content and delivering it to all the customers who bought the season pass. We have recently released a brand new piece of content that wasn’t part of the original 4th edition board game and expands the game much further and we currently have plans for more exclusive DLC. However, we have had customers who have highlighted that when they fully invested in supporting Talisman it was during a time that we promised all content for the game and we have since changed the terms of the product they supported. This has been a topic that has been debated and discussed many times. After much internal discussion, we have made the decision to grant all content that will be made for Talisman: Digital Edition to all Steam users that supported us in those early days by buying a season pass upon the release of the game. So, we’ve worked with Valve to make sure we can grant all future content to those players who bought the Season Pass during that time. If you bought the Season Pass between January 10 and January 27th, 2014 you will now see the latest DLC in your library.This decision comes late in the day and so we can only apologise for how long it has taken us to support those people that supported us back in ye olde days. We hope that the decision that has been made is a positive one and that we can all look forward to the new content being created by Nomad.Future of the Season PassAs season passes exist for pre-purchasing content we will seek to retire the current season pass as Steam offers better ways (bundling) for users to buy all content and/or complete their collection. We will get a bit more creative with our bundles so people who have bits and pieces of DLC will be able to complete their collections at a discounted price.Digital Exclusive ContentAlthough some users have requested a new season pass that will deliver digital exclusive content to a pass in the same way the old season pass handled the Revised 4th Edition content, this won't be achievable for the new content. Although we never knew just how far the physical content would go there was a wealth of content for us to add a reasonable price to with a roadmap for delivery. The digital exclusive content has different requirements for creation and implementation and we don't have a back catalogue of DLC to include here and so our knowledge of exactly where the content will go is limited to our current approved designs and, as such, we can't appropriately price a pass for this.We will create a mini-pack that will be available for purchase before the release of our next expansion, The Ancient Beasts, and it will allow users to purchase the next 3 pieces of DLC at a reduced cost. We will release more details of the future content when this pack goes live.,The old one was  rigged. This is one is randomly seeded, and feels nice.I don't mind the animation speed at all.Now, I'm just waiting for further enhancements to AI. This would make it a truly good game. ,Posted: May 2I swear, if I could predict the dice rolls at a craps table with the same accuracy as I can in this game, I wouldn't have to work another day in my life.  Attempting to defeat cards with only a 1/36 chance of failure each should not result in failures FIVE TIMES IN A ROW!Also, this is badly in need of the \"Race To The Crown\" house rule (If it's in there I certainly can't find it) because needing to cast the Crown of Command spell until everyone else is dead is easily one of the top 5 worst ending conditions in the history of board gaming.,Posted: April 29Absolutely AWFUL interpretation of one of my favourite games. Buggy, poorly made, and above all - PHENOMENALLY RIGGEDAlso, before the Devs (who are unbelievably salty about people pointing out how much of a ♥♥♥♥ing atrocity this game is) start listing the RGN device they use: it's not the RGN that bothers me (although it is biased, ♥♥♥♥ whatever sidestepping the issue technobabble you post in every forum ever) it's the fact that regardless of if my rolls are random, the rolls from the board aren't. I failed 14 times on a single even (8 vs 8) roll. With a re-roll of my dice every turn. The game will cheatDo not buy this. Never buy this. It will sour your memory of a great game and fill you with bile spewing hatred along the way.The bugs are obnoxious in the extreme as well - can't look around the table, can't check things, rolls and descriptions don't match up, multiplayer games have a persistent crashing issue the longer you've been playing (and with the above rigged decks, dices and AI you WILL be playing for figuratively forever). It beggars belief that this A. costs money and B. IS ACTUALLY DEFENDED BY PEOPLE!? AND WELL REVIEWED? Did they suffer near-terminal brain damage mid-game? Because that's damn near the only way I could see having any kind of \"fun\" with this ♥♥♥♥ing travesty.Simply put: this is a ♥♥♥♥ing atrocity - terribly made, terribly optimised, utter and complete garbage - play on Tabletop Simulator, or buy it physically. This is actually worse than a waste of money that doesn't run, because at least if it didn't work it wouldn't take me 4 hours to get screwed on every turn while the magic AI run around getting every item in the deck.,For those that haven't migrated to our Discord Community[discord.gg] yet then the below images are what you have missed!As those in the Discord community already know - now that the last community challenge has been completed the beta for the new expansion is now live!More details can be found in our Discord discussions pages.,I only play against the computer. At the start of a new game I have 4 random computer characters, my problem is that I prefer no duplicate characters but there is no button for this option that I can find. I've started a new game and had 4 of the same cha...,Hey,So, we were looking for 50 new Discord users over the weekend to release the third new image from our new expansion for Talisman: Digital Edition. Over the weekend we've picked up 136 new members! Thanks for the support. The new images have been pinned to Talisman #general on our Discord.The new challenge for another piece of art is worth getting in on as the image that will be shared shows how the new art is displayed in-game and it looks awesome.The challenge is...We want to collect the full Revised 4th Edition physical game in pictures.The rules are...Every picture must contain one expansion only.Only one submission allowed per userAll submissions have to be posted to the Talisman #general in our DiscordSo, in other words. We want 14 15 pictures from 14 15 people that show between them the base game and the 13 14 expansions. Here's a bad picture as an example.[imgur.com]Here's our Discord.[discordapp.com]Have some fun with this one! The picture is worth it. ːBlueTalismanː,I've seen some minor imprvements to AI over the course of playing the Digital Edition- better use of characters' special abilities, for instance. And in general, I'm having fun playing against two AI opponents.  There's still a long way to go, though...., Thanks Thank you to all supporters of Talisman and its digital counterpart over the past 5 years. Without the fans of Talisman and without fans of Talisman: Digital Edition, we wouldn't be in this position to add to the illustrious tapestry that...,Making my own guide would take a long time given that I would have to test each and every character with different strategies and different combinations of expansions, so I was wondering if anyone else has already made a strategy guide to save myself the ...,Posted: April 28Pretty fun, nice little time waster and you can save and pick back up later.Unlike most other digital board games, this one sparks joy in having drinks and some fun playing with friends.Not sure if you can vs people on their phones, but if so, even better!!Worth it tbh, and I would pick up the smaller expansions if you want, or see if you can get a discounted Season Pass."
"442"	"429905"	"MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore - 2015 Husqvarna TC 125 MX"	2016-01-08	2.99	"Simulation,Racing,Sports"	"About This ContentStart your engines! Purchase the 2015 TC 125 two stroke MX bike from Husqvarna and experience real off-road riding!"	"All bugs that you find should go into this thread.Your bug reports help us to create fixes for you. The better your report, the more it does help us!Writing a  good bug report is easy if you follow these 3 steps:1. Headline: Write a short headline a...,Race all 16 Official tracks from the 2017 Supercross Championship! For the first time ever you can race the same tracks the pros do – the week of the real event!  Each track becomes available for download a few days before the actual eventCheck it out...,We are very happy to roll out this new performance update for MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore! This patch should give you a solid 15-20% increase in FPS while also improving the overall smoothness of the game.We hope you enjoy the improved experience and...,This is for new riders! If you have quality information please post to help new riders get a better experience! I'll just start it for the community to build on! **Please try and leave other forms of discussions elsewhere so new riders can find the info i...,So it launched briefly and then closed right after download/installation, didn't make it past the opening cut scene.Now, I've tried the C++ update trick, verifying the files, and every time I try to launch the game I get this error:'Failed initialize ...,Posted: May 4ADD ME TO RIP UP SOME ONLINE I GOT ALL THE MAPS YOU GUYS ! USERNAME IS TRISTEN7241"
"443"	"33980"	"Pound of Ground"	2010-11-05	9.99	"Action,Zombies,Third-Person Shooter,Third Person,Singleplayer"	"About This GamePound of Ground, story driven crazy shoot 'em up with red car and LOTS of zombies.The game combines action elements - a wide range of advanced weapons, fights with various bosses and spectacular, endless battles with the crowds of the undead - with a gripping story full of unexpected disclosures and peculiar characters.Key features:A well-written story full of turns of events; it's mainly about putting things right, about love and ultimately about saving the whole cityDuels with variously designed bosses, but also with the crowds of undead enemiesScenes from 'behind the shut curtain' that add flavour and humour to the storyA number of different tasks ensures extended and variegated playabilityUnique gameplay elements"	"Posted: December 25, 2013The pacing with this game is all off.Most of it is slow and tedious, others are suddenly fast and annoying.The humour in it felt forced too.,Posted: May 19, 2016Unpolished and seriously underrated, yet quite fun game on the mainstream theme - \"zombie rampage\". This time - in the distant town somewhere on Mid-West of USA. What I like about the game - is that it stays on the bright side of things. You know, the Zombie Games are usually Dead Serious. Not a bad feature, but all of them are so similar on the basic level, that it is absolutely no fun. Stubbs the Zombie was different, one-of-a-kind gem... But there is too little count of games trying comical approach on the zombie pattern - and that's a mile behind the cinematography. Which is strange, as generally, games are far more creative with things, in comparison with Hollywood...Now, Pound of Ground is not something worth a long review, really. The \"Hero\" there doesn't have Ash Williams charisma and chainsaw, but other than that - it's the same type of guy.The game starts a bit confusing, but quite soon you'll get a bat to crush z-sculls, then a car, a pistol, a shotgun, a long-ranged crossbow, and finally, a dynamite. Zombies will be upgrading as well, there will be monsters with distant attacks, sages-which-raising-hordes, and even bigger things on the dessert. Controls are a bit off, but only a little. In general, it is rather easy-going arcade game with the semi-open world, some zombies to kill and some hills to jump with your red cabrio. Full complete in less than 10 hours, and way better aftertaste, than with so many other Zombie games. Especially when we're talking about smaller ones, like Dead Pixels, which so many people seem to like without proper reason...Sure, Pound of Ground has many flaws, if you care to look for them - like strange name in the first place, followed by wacky start of the game, somewhat clunky controls and gameplay in general... and not-so-good code, as the game tends to crash every now and then, usually on the loading screens.On the other hand, it is doing well the thing the games are generally made for - it is entertaining. I really like it just the way it is (except for unstable code, of course). It is short and fun if a bit mindless, comedy action game about zombies. With great fusion soundtrack, which I really enjoyed.My mark is 8/10. I usually play serious long-winded games, like epic RPGs and strategies... But sometimes you just can't force yourself to take the playtime so seriously. After 16h-work day, for example... And Pound of Ground is perfectly fitting that niche of short and easy action. There should be more games like that!,Posted: January 27, 2014Dull, unpleasant gameplay. Pathetic animation and voice-acting. Laughable (in a bad way) story. Might be one of the worst games ever made. Don't buy it. Just don't.I give this game 0/10 pounds of ground.,Posted: September 17, 2016Crashes on me every time I go to turn off the green fog generator. The enemy in that mission, kills you instantly all the time without having to aim. It uses guided rockets. There's no hope or, I haven't found one yet. You can get an achievement in that mission though. :DAll-in-all, get it if it's on sale and up to that point, all was good. $10? Nope.,Posted: December 15, 2013This was possibly the worst game I have ever played in my meaningless existence; and I've played a lot of games. A lot of really bad games. So many, in fact, that one might say I am a masochist. And yet this remains the most horrid, putrid, wretched game I have ever had the misfortune of playing. I hate Bohemia for making it, I hate myself for buying it. 1.75/10,Posted: December 31, 2013Was...on saleBuy it....if you want to see one of the worst games ever made...even by  1990s-2000 standards...,Posted: June 24, 2012It's not a horrible game, but there are many faultsGood: -Music is ok-Wide open environments-Graphics are not too shabby-Driving is decentBad:-Music is all over the place sometimes. Different styles. -Nothing in the wide open environments-Story telling / voice acting is absolutely atrocious-Consisted of fetch quest. Go from this place to this place and then back again.-Crappy framerate in busy parts...dropped down to 10-20fps-Guns are weak. Gunplay is meh. Only 5 weapons, 1 being melee-Easy game-Animation quality is poor-Lots of stupid dialogue-Forced HumorIt's an indie developer so i can't really be too harsh on them. It was an ok game. I got it on sale (obviously)I\"d say 4-5/10,Posted: May 27, 2013Possibly the worst script ever, probably even before it was butchered into English. Buggy (tons of crashes) and no ability to save (just autosaving) means regular lost progress. The description lies; there's only one boss and a total of 5 weapons. The only saving grace is for achievement ♥♥♥♥♥s, all can be done in less than a day. Avoid this.,Posted: March 12, 2014I went into this game expecting it to be one of the worst games I have ever played and in that I was disappointed, I am a bit of a Masochist when it comes to games and I do seek out bad games as well as good ones.The other user reviews on this game plus TB's \"Why do I own\" video made this one sound like that would be that bad it would make a great video, So when it came on sale for 1€ I grabbed it.The game is average. It does not do anything well but doesn't suck at anything to badly nether. It is what it is. If people really need tips on actually bad games they can feel free to drop be a line because this is not it.Would I recommend this game? if it's on sale for a euro or two I guess why not but not at full price. but note it's just an average game with nothing that really stands out it doesn't do anything to wrong but nothing to right nether.For those who want a hot tip on a game that far worse than this and to prove my point. Get \"Dark Apes:  The Fate of Devolution\" Play that a while and this game will seem rather good :P,Posted: January 10, 2011An interesting mostly free-roaming game., Gameplay mechanics are acceptable, graphics are decent, voice acting decent, storyline.... convoluted but acceptable.Overally, not so bad that I couldn't complete it but there's really no reason to start it over nor is there a free-roam reward mode after completing the storyline.If you've got it, its worth a playthrough if you're bored."
"444"	"500232"	"FSX Steam Edition: AH-64D Apache Longbow™ Add-On"	2016-12-16	17.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentLegendary in its capabilities and immediately identifiable from its design, the AH-64 Apache™ has been developed into an unbeatable combat aircraft since it first entered service in the mid-1980s. The Longbow™ variant is a modern development of this unrivalled design and is characterised by its distinctive AN/APG-78 \"Longbow\" radome installed on top of the rotor. As well as more powerful engines (T700-GE-701C), the Longbow features completely modernised systems including a glass cockpit. The Apache Longbow™ is operated by many of the world’s militaries including the US Army, British AAC and the Israeli Air Force.Developed by Virtavia, the AH-64D Apache Longbow™ for FSX: Steam Edition features nine loadout variants as well as various animations, a realistic sound set, and interior and exterior camera views. Please note: this aircraft features only a minimal 2D panel.Features 9 loadout variants: clean8x Hellfire RF & 2x Hydra pods8x Hellfire RF, 2x Hydra pods & 4 AIM-92 Stinger 16x Hellfire RF16x Hellfire RF & 4x AIM-92 Stinger4x Hydra pods4X Hydra pods & 4x AIM-92 StingerWAH-64D with 4x CRV7 & 4x StarstreakWAH-64D with 4x CRV7High-quality model, textures and virtual cockpitCustom automatic stabilator animation (moves according to speed)realistic soundset by 'TSS' including start-up and shut-down soundsFeatures REALGAUGE technologyForwards gunner's station included at full detail level in VCRealistic, togglable crew figuresAnimated TADS (Target Acquisition and Designation Sights)Animated suspension, crew doors, tail control surface and tailwheel10 preset camera views, 4 interior and 6 exterior 30-page, color illustrated user manual in .PDF format"	"I was flying my B29 bomber the other day, and when I lowered my throttle, the RPM stayed the same on the gauges, but you could hear and see the engines slowing down. There was a lever that I moved which lowers RPM according to the manual, and the RPM drop...,I want to play the DLC Cargo Hauler 2, but I don't need to focus so much on the flight sim aspect of the game, with all the switches and other details that go into keeping a plane in the sky.  Is it possible to play FSX, through a adjustment in immersion ...,Once again for the 6th time trying to reload fsx on steam but refuses to load , screen comes on for a few seconds and dissapear's, checked all other old files and deleted , is there a way i can permanently delete, not showing anymore and if i have to re p...,I got 2 screens, one for game and another one for obs.Once i go fullscreen, I get on my game screen the game but my other screen (obs)turns black. Any ideas how to fix it.,Posted: May 4Very old backend. Easily runs out of memory and crashes during long flights, quicker if you have lots of custom scenery installed. If you want a good simulation experience get Prepar3d. It's essentially the MSFS:X engine with the code updated for modern hardware. Runs much better. However it's not on Steam and it's more expensive.,Posted: May 3This game is a total rip off![short version of this review]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME![long version of this review]If you want to play this game with your friends you HAVE to play on public servers.We already tried to play via Steam and LAN which both didnt work...even with sensitive router settings changed and time wasted with the Dovetail support.And if you play on public servers this game does not work perfectly:~ broken or missing switches in default airplanes~ routes only appearing for one player in the airplane~ crazy autopilot trying to ascend to 100000 feet in about 3 seconds~ and so much moreI do not complain about graphics or anything, but charging 25€ for an unmaintained, buggy, 13 years old game is fraud,so I got the Night Environment: Alps add-on from steambut I don't see any changes to my graphics, is it the Alps part of it? because I don't know what that stands for or meanscould some one please tell me, cause it didn't say anything about it being in ...,Posted: May 1I recommend not getting it, it keeps on crashing while flight. Its the most unstable thing I have installed onto my pc. If anyone knows why, please let me know."
"445"	"570470"	"Escape the Bunker"	2017-01-02	4.99	"Adventure,Indie,Casual,VR"	"About This GameEscape the Bunker is a room escape game, similar to the popular real-life escape games. It features half a dozen different interconnected rooms, with various puzzles to solve and a small bit of suspense towards the end.There are no “jump scares”, and nobody is trying to kill you. It’s a problem-solving game, in which you use your reasoning skills to find ways of opening doors, unlocking locks and using a variety of items to move forwards through the game and eventually Escape the Bunker.Play times vary from 40 minutes to just over an hour, depending on how familiar you are with this genre of game.Features:full room scale experience push-to-walk movement (no teleporting) half a dozen rooms dozens of items puzzles all make logical sense professional voice acting (used sparingly)"	"Posted: December 19, 2016Early Access ReviewI am not very impressed with the game. From looks to execution, everything just feels lacking. The first thing that will hit you is how poor the textures are. They look like they were from the late 90's. Second is the locomotion. While billed as a feature, the push-to-walk requires too much spinning around, and as usual comes with the slight motion sickness compared to teleportation. I find it hard to keep the game's walls lined up with my Chaperone bounds because you can't just eyeball and line up the bounds and teleport there. Third is carrying of stuff. There's a lot of stuff in the first room, and you don't know what you actually need, so you end up having to toss pretty much everything into elevators, then toss them back out. Lastly, it's quite easy to get into situations where you're stuck between floors, because while there are invisible walls in-game, they don't exist in the physical world, and the game does not gracefully handle you getting off an elevator platform while it's moving. No saving or menus for that matter means you have to quit the game and restart.There are other VR room escape games with prettier graphics, more rooms, and better puzzles.This game pales in comparison. For now, Escape the Bunker is not cutting it for me.,Posted: January 6, 2017There are a lot of good escape rooms and a lot of bad ones, and I've played a lot of both, but I've never played one I couldn't finish, until now. I can forgive the game's generally poor visual quality if the puzzles are good, but this game has one glaring problem. Escape the Bunker has a novel concept of having multiple rooms separated vertically by elevators, but the elevators are extremely glitchy. Items you find on the top floor are needed in lower floors, but leaving items on the floor of the elevators is a recipe for disaster because of how often they just end up spazzing out and clipping through the floor, but sometimes your flashlight glues itself to your hand, forcing you to carry items back and forth one at a time. I don't know how this game ends, because the only ending I've ever gotten is the one where you accidentally send an elevator back up while you're not standing on it, effectively breaking the game, and then \"escaping\" through the hole in the universe that is cleverly unveiled under the elevator by exiting the game. It pains me to give a VR escape room a negative review, but this one needs a lot of work. If they fixed the item issue by maybe adding in a item container or something that you could put things in that transferred them between floors, or even just gave us an inventory (if there is one, I never found it), I could see it being at least okay.,Posted: January 4, 2017Few glitches with losing items.  The interact point is mostly in the palm and you gotta flat hand stuff.  Aside from that, pretty good escape room.  Very worth the money.,Posted: January 7, 2017Thumbs up only because there's no neutral option.  TL;DR: Good puzzles, tons of glitches. Don't play if you can't deal with borked mechanics.The puzzle and room design is well done with cleverly hidden clues. I was screaming at the combination padlock at first, but after reading the manual for it a third time, it worked rather well and to be honest, the real ones can be as finicky as this virtual one. Some of the items have no purpose, but I was grinning from ear to ear when I found out what the axe was for. But the actual game implementation and in-game physics? Broken as ****!I had to restart the game 5 times because of this and there's no save game or even a menu, so I had to restart from the beginning. The only reason I even finished is because once you know how all the puzzles work it doesn't take more than 5 minutes to play through the game, so I didn't really loose that much time, but seriously.I tried to look into the ventilation shaft in the first room, it's dark, but wait, I have a flashlight. Guess what got lost because of an invisible wall. No more flashlight - restart.Next I dropped a little item, because I let go of the trigger, it went through the floor or something - restart.I put the cellphone on the elevator floor, rode the elevator down, *poof* cellphone gone - restart.Apparently I left the next elevator halfway down. Now I was dwarf sized above the floor and couldn't get the elevator to come back - restart.As I said, if I'd have had lost more time due to these glitches I wouldn't have finished this game. Like this? - meh, it was okay.If you like room escape games and you have no problem with glitches and restarting a game, then it might be worth it, otherwise look for something else. It was fun for me and I don't regret spending 5€ on it, but I won't play it again. (3/5),Posted: January 3, 2017The game has huge potential. I actually really liked the puzzles that I encountered, but the mechanics are, to put it midly, garbage. The physics are broken with items disappearing from your hands that never resurface, other items fall through the floor and end up on different levels, The combination lock in the beginning seems to work only by chance and has no audio/visual cues to let you know if it's working at all. Again, the way the puzzles are designed is pretty interesting with some unique moments, but the execution is EXTREMELY lacking. I actually had to restart the game after some items disappeared, and when I got back to the beginning, I couldn't get the combination lock to fluke open again (which happened the first time through as it decided to open when putting in the first number for the 5th time.) I gave up after that as it wasn't worth the frustration and I literally couldn't progress.With a few patches, this game would be worth picking up, but as it is now, it's a hard pass.,Posted: December 27, 2016Early Access ReviewOkay where do I start - in my opinion, this is one of the best of 'Escape Room' type of games for the Vive/SteamVR.I thoughly enjoyed playing it!  This game hits the difficulty level perfectly - not so hard where you get frustrated but not so easy where you think it's childs play!  There's more than 1 room - there's room progression to be made and there's a connective purpose to doing so - both combined makes the overall experience great!  The game takes between 40 minutes to about 1+1/2 hour - this is dependent on how quick you can solve the puzzles and progress. I can't really say anymore as I don't want to issue spoilers! I found the game to be quite inventive tbh. The graphics are fine - I have no complaints!Three people in my family played this game at the same time and each a little bit on their own - wife, daughter and myself and we all concluded it was enjoyable. This game is well worth buying for 3-4 dollars or in my case nearly £3.,Posted: March 3, 2017I gave this game multiple tries, multiple chances, and it is honestly the worst VR title I have tried yet. Basically the janky physics will make it impossible to complete Escape the Bunker.Items will randomally drop out of your hands.Bumping anything with an item in your hand will make it bounce out of your hand.Items will randomally ignore collisions, falling through tables, or even the floor.Using one of the many elevators in the game will make you drop objects or cause other items you arent touching to move or lose collision.I literally walked through the first generator door holding the axe, had it spaz out of my hand, rocket around the room and cause a chain reaction of physics objects to all gain incredible velocity, wrecking the first room instantly. The chaos even caused items to fly up into the first room from rooms below. This was less than five minutes into my fifth attempt to play.After multiple attempts I haven't been able to make it past the fifth room because the third elevator forces me to lose at least one item no matter how I try to prevent it from doing so. This third elevator literally shakes the entire map.You can literally get stuck because your essental item falls out of your hand, flies off and then falls through the level, forcing you to restart, only to have the exact same issue happen over and over again.On top of being almost incompletable, the rest of Escape the Bunker is of very poor quality. Now I dont expect perfection or AAA quality by any means, but entire sections of the level are clearly incomplete. Massive holes letting you see outside the levels are everywhere, shadows from moveable items are baked into the floors and walls, your ability to move is literally only forward by pressing the pad, sounds are of poor quality and very loud.Escape the Bunker could have been a fun little indie game, but as it stands now, I would not say it is complete. It's a rough buggy mess and simply setting an item on the floor can cause you to be unable to progress. I don't consider myself demanding, but this is absolutely unacceptable and I reccomend staying away from Escape the Bunker.,Posted: December 19, 2016Early Access ReviewFirst off, the game was actually really great!  The puzzles were first-class - brilliant even!The level of complexity hit the sweet spot, leaving very gratifying moments after figuring out the puzzles.The positional audio is great, and the laser room was very cool.  The way the security camera watches your face was also a great feature!Some thoughts:- Interaction items (pencil, lighter, etc.): easily the most frustrating part of the game in its current state is the constant inability to pick up objects off the floor after they've been dropped.  Jiwoo was completely unable to proceed as he couldn't retrieve the pencil, and I fought for at least five minutes trying to grab the lighter and other items.  This may have been an issue with the height of my floor as viewed by the base stations though.- Travel time: either the initial elevator travel time should be greatly reduced (or, reduced after the first use), or the need to travel back and forth to the original room should be removed.  We both think that some sort of an inventory system would solve the problem, either a utility belt or backpack perhaps?  The game would have been much less frustrating and will be much more arcade-friendly if this can be added.  This also would have helped when I needed to have both the cell phone and severed head ready, without triggering the cellphone's audio message.- Combo lock: It would be great if there was some sort of visual or audio cue to notify the player when the lock has been reset.- Propane tank: I was able to reach through the cage and grab the propane tank, without opening the lock.  Not sure if you're concerned about this, but it is possible.- UV Numbers: When I did the \"decontamination process\", I could see \"20\" on the wall in the hall.  However, the UV lights would never stay on long enough for me to see the complete code.  At some point the numbers did finally stay visible (permanently), but I'm not sure what I did to enable that.- Distribution of puzzles: the first room is very puzzle heavy, but the latter parts feel very scarce.  Any plans for additional challenges?Overall, a great VR escape room experience, different from a lot of the other content out there!,Posted: February 13, 2017rather have teleport over hover-movement, but the game itself is fine!,Posted: January 15, 2017I honisly think this is a ok way to try out excape room games if you dont have alot of money, but there are definitly better excape rooms"
"446"	"938160"	"Trainz 2019 DLC - Midwestern Branch"	2019-01-07	9.99	"Simulation"	"About This ContentCHALLENGING, FUN & AFFORDABLE - A ROUTE FOR EVERYONEMidwestern Branch is primarily a industrial route based upon freight operations in the \"breadbasket\" region of the USA.While the main line is owned and operated by BNSF, the branch line uses ex-Milwaukee Road units in both SD40-2 and GP38-2 styles to help serve the industries that are in the towns of Littleport, Levitt, Cylinder, and Mill Town.So what are you waiting for? There’s work that has to be done on the line. Good luck and have a safe trip!Includes 6 sessions with detailed gameplay:Grain CollectorLumber Mill DutiesMill Town SwitchingNight of the TwisterTransfer RunBase SessionRoute and sessions created by Hiawathamr and priced to ensure great value for every Trainz fan."	"N3V Games are happy to announce the release of three new “Regional Editions” of Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019.The Regional Editions are: Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - North American Edition Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - UK Edition Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - European EditionThe original full version is now be listed in the Steam Store as “Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - World Edition” (note that it is a new name, not a new version of Trainz).Each Regional Edition is priced at ~USD$39.99 while the original TRS19 full version remains at USD$69.99 and offers the best value for money.What’s Included?Each Regional Edition includes full TRS19 functionality, the TRS19 “Base Install” plus two Regional Content packages from the full version. TRS19 “Base Install\" includes: Full TRS19 functionality Kickstarter County II + 4 Sessions 10 Tutorial Sessions 25+ locos (includes Rocky Mountaineer trainset) 100+ rolling stock items 3000+ other scenery itemsTrainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - North American Edition TRS19 “Base Install\" Canadian Rocky Mountains Golden, BC  JR Content Pack Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - UK Edition TRS19 “Base Install\" Cornish Mainline and Branches  Edinburgh-Dundee Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 - European Edition TRS19 “Base Install\" Niddertalbahn, Germany  Sebino Lake, Italy  ,Hi.  I have a question about the difficulty of the game. can a train noob like me play this game or is it very realistic so only experienced  players can play it?,1. When looking at the new bundles, besides the couple DLCs, it also shows they come with \"Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019 (World Edition)\", but with a price of $45 ($cdn).  Click to find out more about it, it takes me to the Trainz World Edition page, wit...,I keep getting a ton of \"Unable to download asset\" for stuff that's supposed to be on the server. Here's an example screenshot:https://www.dropbox.com/s/of5vome1bcbf0k4/trainz-problem1.png?dl=0Is it quite as expected? I'm logged in and a lot of stuff do...,hi i have Platinum Edition Bundle TANE and more  will it worth to buy 2019 edition an houw about the dlc i got from befor will the be compatible to the new ?,Is there any performance improvement from T:ANE to TRS 2019?Also, exactly how many of the included trains are new; with up to date, high resolution cabs?I'm on the fence on whether to drop $90 AUD on this.,Do you own Trainz 12, Trainz A New Era or Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019?If so, we're looking for your feedback. Please complete this Survey[www.surveymonkey.com] to go into the draw to win one of 5 $100 Gift Vouchers that can be used at the Trainzportal Store.(If you win, you can use your Trainzportal purchases on your Steam version).This is your chance to help us make Trainz better than ever before, so please take 15 minutes or so to let us know what you think."
"447"	"603370"	"Western FPS"	2017-03-13	0.99	"Indie,Western,FPS,Retro"	"About This GameWestern FPS is old-school 3D FPS, that looks and plays like the first games in this genre, that were developed in 90s. Game is based on Ray Casting technology,  but it has prettier cartoon-like graphics. Western FPS includes interesting storyline, that tells you a story about Alan Wilborn. You will fight against different types of enemies, solve problems of civilians and explore colorful world, filled with secrets and easter eggs.In game you will find:* A lot of hidden places and secrets to explore;* Variety of atmospheric levels with different music.;* Great range of weapons and enemies from Wild West;* Easter eggs and references;* Classic old-school gameplay.P.S. Hardcore in episode 2."	"Posted: December 6, 2017Just like Doom improved on Wolfenstein, Western FPS did the opposite to worsen the experienceTo me Wolfenstein 3D means repetitive textures, Maze like level design, no verticality. Its dated, yet it still manages to be fun, action packed, humorous.  Then i look at this and many other similar titles on Steam, and I have to wonder, how did you manage to screw up a game from 92?Western FPS, in particular  adds a set of new problemsTerrible enemy behaviour, everyone ZigZags independently of what they are armed withTwitchy Controls, particularly moving left and rightBarely hidden secret areas, just hug the wallsNo real Strafing,Posted: March 14, 2017So the dev just flipped some pre made assets. It's a waste of money no matter what you paid for it. I lost $1.89 on the deal. Happy day. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game. Gotta love the Steam marketplace.,Posted: October 27, 2017Wolfenstein 3D with a Western theme.For me personally (Windows 8) the game is broken at this point. The mouse does not work properly and some enemies are bugged. (the ranged enemy does not shoot back)I really want to enjoy this game, this being something right up my alley.If the developer decides to tackle these issues, we'll talk again.TL:DR: In this current state, I would not recommend this game.,Posted: April 7, 2017I got it and whenever I moved my mouse it looked right, couldn't look left or up, it showed in the video you could look left.,Posted: May 20, 2017Product received for free- Can't turn smoothly while playing with a mouse - moving left/right seems laggy.- No video options, at least to play in window mode (I've got extra wide 34\" monitor, playing this in full screen is not that pretty).Other than that, the game itself is fun and I like it. I wish it had some achievements.,Posted: April 4, 2017First of all I had problems with all the Raycasting Game Makers games because the mouse movement was erratic in all the time. Also none of the recommended fixes worked for me. Playing it only keyboard was not really enjoyable. I myself found the fix what worked for me. I just turned down the Polling Rate from 1000 to 125 and now mouse movement is really smooth.It was really fun experience. Sure it remains me the Wolfestein 3D, what I still play time to time, but in same time it was something new & fresh. Also I love the western theme. There are not many FPS around that use it. Best example of course is Outlaws. If the game has free asset pack or not, I really don't care. What matters to me is how it is put together. Game has 2 episodes, 7+7 missions +1 bonus, what took me around 2h to complete. Game has challenging, but fair difficulty. Especially the second episode required some skill to play through. What I didn't like was, that you have no clue in what directions the hits come, but I guess it is engine limited. Get it if you want to have some old school FPS fun!,Posted: September 8, 2018Not really worth buying. It's a raycasting game with borrowed assets. I mean yeah its cheap but wolf 3d is way better.,Posted: November 12, 201765%+,Posted: November 15, 2017Why do we have so many horrible Native American caricatures? Why do doors not open until Chapter 1-4? Why are there pictures of Bob Marley and Skrillex on the walls? Why is this game? Why?,Posted: February 2, 2018the mouse sensitivity is way too much, to the point where you cant even play the game, and keyboard controls are unblalnced. DONT WASTE  YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME!!!!"
"448"	"974430"	"Galactic Campaign"	2019-04-25	11.99	"Casual"	"About This GameSix candidates will confront each other in a galactic electoral campaign in order to become the supreme chancellor. In the Galactic Campaign Game, you play one of the six candidates.With strategy, you must travel from planet to planet and answer to the wishes of the population. During the press conference, the promises made to a planet are going to influence 5 gauges (Technology, Security, Spirituality, Economy, Environment). If your answers are correct, you will win the voices needed to become the chancellor. On the other hand, a communication campaign will help you to win a planet.You will also have 4 advisers to help you during the campaign. Finally, do not forget to master your campaign budget.How far are you willing to go to win?"	"Posted: April 28I really like this game and I enjoy the concept of the game. Though i was very reserved with my money in the game you really gotta play around your money and how you handle questions. The graphics are not the greatest, but I guess that is not what is expected from such a game. The colors match well with the the theme and the sound effects are great. I know I will be playing more of this game, even though I will become last in this political race! A+https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7e-0x0bJ4g"
"449"	"823300"	"Chuusotsu! Sound Correction"	2018-04-24	NA	"Adventure,Indie,Casual"	"About This ContentChuusotsu! - Sound Disc is an original Soundtrack for Chuusotsu! - 1st Graduation, containing 13 tracks of stellar music from the game.Track List:1. Philosophic Escape! - Theme Song2. The Blue Sky and Me - Everyday Theme 13. Strong Sunshine - Everyday Theme 24. The Psycho is Coming - Arara's Theme5. In the Light of the Sunset City and That Thing     - Everyday Theme 36. Meow Meow Paradise - Comedy7. I-I'm not Crying, It's Just Sweat! - Melancholy8. It's Time to Think♪ - Tackling Assignments9. Escape from Life - Serious, Tense10. Idea at Ease - Success11. The Praise of Folly - Incarceration12. Time After Time - Denouement13. Adolescence! Tabula Rasa - Title screen"	"The question I asked when I see JVN18+? Censored? Any patch?,Says on steam store page that there would be English voices in the game along with Japanese voices. I wonder if there would be English dub for the characters.,How long is this novel? Vndb has it placed in the 2-10 hour range. What would be a more accurate length and is it worth the asking price? Thanks.,Sagiri is that u?,While the game support window mode and resizable window it isn't a mayor issue but just want to point out that the full screens aspect ratio is wrong for me.I'm not sure if it's because of my 16:10 monitor or that I have 3 of them, but the screen is ren..."
"450"	"244066"	"Rise of Flight: Battle of Saint-Mihiel"	2013-09-05	19.99	"Simulation"	"How to activate your keyTo use content purchased on Steam you need to activate the license key in your profile at http://riseofflight.com1) open the CD Key tab in Steam Library, and copy the key to clipboard;2) go to License Keys section in your ROF profile (http://riseofflight.com/store/license-keys/) and activate your key there.,About This ContentRise of Flight: Battle of Saint-Mihiel content pack includes Nieuport 28 and Fokker D.VII planes required for St. Mihiel, Du Doch Nicht and Hat in the Ring historical campaigns and six others (8 planes total):Planes:Nieuport 28Fokker D.VIIHalberstadt CL.II 180HP (early)Halberstadt CL.II 200HPSopwith DolphinPfalz D.IIIaBristol F2B F.IIBristol F2B F.IIIField and weapon modifications for planes: Halberstadt CL.II 180HP (early)Halberstadt CL.II 200HPSopwith DolphinPfalz D.IIIaBristol F2B F.IIBristol F2B F.IIIFor details about the content listed above, please visit http://riseofflight.com"	"question in the title.,Hello downloads skinpacks,installed ín game ,not working ,problems????,While me and my Jasta were preparing to take off, some sly frog attacked us with our pants down. RIP our commander. he will be missed :-(I took down the bastard tho but at what cost.I love this game.,Hi, I've been playing the demo version a week or so now and when I do the training campaign I get a black screen during the briefing sections. It only happens when he shows you stuff on the blackboard. It appears to be an overlay because I can still see t...,Posted: April 28i realy like the game but if want to have any verity of aircraft then you need to spend TONS in DLC so i cant in good conscious recommend it.,The game responds to my stick inputs in the settings menu, but when I tried to fly the first training mission I can't control the plane at all.  What's really weird is if I pause the mission and open the settings, my inputs still register just fine in the...,Posted: April 29ITS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, mate.,Posted: May 2The game has good quality and graphics.Many famous planes like the Spad XIII an some less known planes like  the Handelstadt.At first its difficult.But if you learn it becomes easier and easier.The game even has missions.This game is wonderful!"
"451"	"1040180"	"Little Reds Forest Fun Sound Track"	2019-02-26	NA	"Casual,Strategy,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentLittle Reds Forest Fun Sound TrackA collection of high quality, new full length music tracks not included with the original game.  All tracks come in mp3 format.TRACK LIST:Little Reds Forest Fun Track 1 - Length 1:30Little Reds Forest Fun Track 2 - Length 2:29Little Reds Forest Fun Track 3 - Length 3:23Little Reds Forest Fun Track 4 - Length 2:36Little Reds Forest Fun Track 5 - Length 2:02FEATURES:5 New High Quality Full Length TracksMP3 FormatAfter installing this DLC, a folder titled DLC Sound Track will appear in your Little Reds Forest Fun app folder. This will contain the 5 High Quality Music Tracks."	"Great new games and now new DLC are rolling out over the coming weeks.  Here are some of the great new games available.https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33045467/https://store.steampowered.com/app/1018580/Magic_Word_Alchemist/https://store.steampowered.com/app/1021700/Little_Reds_Forest_Fun/https://store.steampowered.com/app/1026900/Spattle_Cats/You can find a list of new DLC on the publisher page linked below. These DLC are high resolution wall papers with fantastic art and new splendid soundtracks.https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33045467/,Great new games and now new DLC are rolling out over the coming weeks.  Here are some of the great new games available.https://store.steampowered.com/app/1018580/Magic_Word_Alchemist/https://store.steampowered.com/app/1021700/Little_Reds_Forest_Fun/https://store.steampowered.com/app/1026900/Spattle_Cats/You can find a list of new DLC on the publisher page linked below. These DLC are high resolution wall papers with fantastic art and new splendid soundtracks.https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33045467/,I am playing the stars levels.  There are only 2 stars on level 23 in world 3.  is this intentional?"
"452"	"1032090"	"War of Power: The Last Fight"	2019-02-26	7.99	"Early Access,Strategy,Simulation,Indie,Early Access,RTS,War,Tanks,Singleplayer,Classic,Party-Based RPG,World War II,Cartoony,RPG,Difficult"	"About This GameIn 1941, shot down UFOs were found on the territory of Romania, Poland and the USSR. The captured technology of aliens helped the Allies and the Axis to strengthen their power and go far in development.Parties to the conflict are waging an aggressive war against each other, but now the outcome of the war may change at any time ...Features:1) Weather conditions that can affect the outcome of the battle, hurricanes, meteorites, thunderstorm clouds, and more.2) More than 40 different types of equipment.3) Battles for territory take place everywhere, on water, land and even in the sky!4) Professional voice acting from the best actors.5) Beautiful music background, from 9 tracks.6) Stylized unusual graphics.7) Build and develop your base in accordance with your views on the strategy.8) Get limited resources and make sure that they do not get the enemy.9) Two game modes, campaign and battle.10) Multiline research line - overtake your opponent in development !.11) AI which has many styles of combat.12) Select the level of difficulty.13) Daily gifts.14) Achievements- get all the achievements.15) Beautiful special effects for complete immersion.16) Search for treasures randomly appearing on the map.17) Dynamic battles, leadership on the battlefield is now very easy to lose ..18) The balance of the parties to the conflict."	""
"453"	"295019"	"Rocksmith® 2014 – Audioslave - “Be Yourself”"	2014-10-07	2.99	"Casual,Simulation"	"About This ContentPlay \"Be Yourself\" by Audioslave on any electric guitar or bass. This song includes a new Authentic Tone."	"Learn to play 3 blues rock hits with a classic rock vibe with a second pack from the Grammy-winning Greta Van Fleet! “When The Curtain Falls,” “Edge Of Darkness,” and “You’re The One” will be available today on Steam. See the tunings and arrangements below.https://youtu.be/TlirXhutLIU“When The Curtain Falls”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899883/“Edge Of Darkness”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899881/“You’re The One”E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899882/Click below for a direct link to Greta Van Fleet Song Pack II with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899880/,Been debating on getting this but I wanted to know other peoples thoughts on it before I buy it.Is it worth it?,Interested in winning cool Bohemian Rhapsody prizes or a copy of the award-winning biopic on Blu-Ray? Just register and play your favorite Queen songs in Rocksmith for a chance to win in our Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes! How do I know if my account is setup to start participating?You will know that you’ve successfully registered online by receiving a confirmation email from Ubisoft. To verify that you are logged into Ubisoft Club within Rocksmith, you can log into your Ubisoft Club account online after you’ve played Rocksmith. If you see that Ubisoft Club recognizes that you’ve recently played Rocksmith then your accounts are connected properly. If you don’t see a prompt to login to Ubisoft Club (called Uplay within Rocksmith) then you may already be logged in so check online to see if your playtime has been recorded.What can we win and how many winners are there?Grand Prize (1 Winner): (1) Bohemian Rhapsody themed Crosley C200 Record Player (1) Bohemian Rhapsody Blu-Ray2nd Prize (5 Winners): 1x Bohemian Rhapsody on Blu-Ray • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody T-Shirt • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody Backpack • 1x Bohemian Rhapsody CapWhich songs will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Any song by Queen or Queen & David Bowie available in Rocksmith including the on-disc song “We Are The Champions” and the 16 songs which were released as DLC. The full list of songs is as follows:“We Are The Champions” by Queen“Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen“Fat Bottomed Girls” by Queen“Killer Queen” by Queen“Keep Yourself Alive” by Queen“Stone Cold Crazy” by Queen“Crazy Little Thing Called Love” by Queen“Another One Bites The Dust” by Queen“Under Pressure” by Queen & David Bowie\"I Want It All” by Queen“Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen“We Will Rock You” by Queen“Tie Your Mother Down” by Queen“Love Of My Life” by Queen“Somebody To Love” by Queen“I Want To Break Free” by Queen“Hammer To Fall” by QueenAre there any base game songs that will grant entries into the sweepstakes?Yes, complete playthroughs of “We Are The Champions” by Queen will grant entries into the sweepstakes.Is there a place where I can see how many entries I have?There is not. However, each successful, full completion of one song by Queen will net you one entry, with a maximum of 60 possible. Does it matter which mode you play the Queen song in? (Score Attack, Learn a Song, etc.)You can play the Queen songs in any mode including Learn A Song, Score Attack, and Nonstop Play as long as you complete a full playthrough of the song.In Score Attack, do you have to pass the song in order for it to count as an entry?As you have to play the song in its entirety, you would have to pass the song in Score Attack for it to count as an entry.Does difficulty or guitar path affect entry?It does not matter what difficulty you have on or what path you have selected as long as you play the song from start to finish.Is there a place players can see how many entries they’ve earned?Unfortunately there is no way to display how many entries you’ve earned through play, but rest assured we are tracking them! The maximum number of entries is capped at 60, but there is no penalty (ever) for playing too much Queen, so have at it!What countries/territories can participate in the sweepstakes?Rocksmith & Bohemian Rhapsody Sweepstakes (the “Competition”) is open only to legal residents of the United States (except Rhode Island), Canada, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, and  Japan  who are at least 16 years old at the time of entry. Full Terms and Conditions can be found at the bottom of the verification email you receive upon registration.  If you \"Want It All\", you have until May 31st, 2019 to enter and earn entries into the sweepstakes! And if you don’t want to take your chances, Bohemian Rhapsody is available now on Blu-Ray, DVD, and digital! Good luck!,Learn to play 3 hits from the 2000s spanning alternative rock, hard rock, and post-Britpop! “The Adventure” by Angels & Airwaves, “Party Hard” by Andrew W.K., and “Shiver” by Coldplay will be available today on Steam.https://youtu.be/5gIgktXPyfI“The Adventure” by Angels & AirwavesE Standard – Bass; Capo Required - Lead/Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899878/“Party Hard” by Andrew W.K.E Standard – Lead/Rhythm/Basshttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899879/“Shiver” by ColdplayE Standard – Lead/Alt Lead/Bass; Custom Tuning:EABGBD# - Rhythmhttps://store.steampowered.com/app/899877/Click below for a direct link to 2000s Mix Song Pack VI with all 3 songs. For individual songs from the pack, click the links above. https://store.steampowered.com/app/899876/,I'm buying a cheap guitar and i heard something about \"ESP LTD Viper-50\", is it good? My Williams guitar which is really old starts to break, due to the long use. (I am planning to buy a real tone cable too, since i want to hear the sounds),Posted: May 2Great game to learn guitar whilst having fun in the process.,Posted: May 43+ years, love this game and helped me learn guitar,Posted: April 30My cable worked fine on windows 8 and as far as I know IT STILL DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 10. I love this game but literally cannot play it.,Can't get RS2014 to detect my mic. Every time I go to the option, it says it can't detect it. Wanted to use mic to play my acoustic on it since I enjoy playing it but no dice. I've damn near done just about every suggestion I could find such as turning mi...,I have an Epiphone SG Pro electric guitar and a G&L L-2000 Bass.  I was wondering what guitars/bass you all play with.https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/7159gzlOOsL._SY879_.jpg,Only for electric?"
"454"	"918800"	"PLANET ALPHA - Digital Artbook"	2018-09-04	2.99	"Action,Adventure,Indie"	"About This ContentThe Planet Alpha Digital Artbook includes concept arts and illustrations that helped to create the stunning world of Planet Alpha as well as screenshots and other artwork from the game."	"I have updated my graphics drivers and verfied the files. The game wants to launch on my left side monitor, overlapping onto my middle monitor. Apart from the splash screen, nothing actually happens after launch. The game doesn't start. file:///C:/Users/b...,I've been reaching out to the developers of Planet Alpha for over a month. Like amateurs they included the Steam VR plugin in their game build despite it not being a VR title. On launch this causes the game to stop working for anyone who has Steam VR inst...,Please Devs, add 21:9 support.Thanks!!!,     WARNING: THIS THREAD CONTAINS SPOILERS OF THE GAME.DO NOT CONTINUE READING IT IF YOU HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME.          Is it planet Earth, Mars or a different planet? (Here someone will say, it ...,I have a 4k monitor and the game zooms in too much. I can't even see the settings of the game.I already changed my screen resolution but it just makes it worse.That's all I see on my monitor:https://ibb.co/ka4ynz,Posted: May 3Was cheap since I bought it in November. It was alright.  2 out of 4."
"455"	"563160"	"VR the Anime Girls Method / 全豚に告ぐ！これで痩せなきゃお前は終わりだ！"	2017-04-27	15.99	"Action,Sports,Anime,VR"	"About This GameDo you want to lose weight with cheering up or abuse?This game could meet your demand whichever you like!Pretty girls support your exercise!You can lose weight in an extremely beautiful VR space.This is the best exercise game that you've never seen before!（※There are individual difference how you can lose weight）Playing only 30 minutes make you sweating bullets!VR mask is extremely necessary to play!!「VR the Anime Girls Method」*CAUTION! Effects of the game are NOT guaranteed.You get fat if you eat pizza too much because of playing this game, so please be careful."	"Posted: December 23, 2016This is my first review on a game and I had to say something to let people know. This game is not worth the asking price. It is basic and not a good work out, you only use one hand for every sport. The baseball bat never hits the ball properly. This game is. I would like to give good feedback because I like the idea but it is just too expensive and no one will be happy they spent the money on it. The girl just stand next to you and say the same thing over and over. I wont be playing this game again, it's just bad. I will see if any updates come and fix it.. bring the price down a lot or make it free."
"456"	"1059300"	"Gravitura"	2019-05-17	NA	"Action,Indie,Casual,Simulation"	"About This GamePilot a ship around asteroids, planets, singularities. Learn how to put your ship into orbit, sling shot, and use gravity to your advantage...Perform precise maneuvers to smash orbs, avoid enemy fire, and line up the perfect shot to take down Graviturus...Move your way through the 35 levels (3 boss levels) in this highly challenging game. Play to beat the levels, play to improve your high scores, and for a greater challenge play on a harder difficulty...Unlockable Perks to help you get past levels you're stuck on...Beautiful GPU-accelerated particle effects...Three difficulty settings, and three ships to unlock. In the easier difficulty modes you are shown your projected trajectory...Build your own levels, share them, download levels other people have made, and more!Additional Credits:Build master: Matt JohnstonTesters: LZ, Arinoth, Democedes, others."	""
"457"	"930150"	"HappyFishing"	2018-09-18	2.99	"Casual,Sports"	"About This GameThe weather on the holiday is exceptionally good, and the fisherman drives a motorboat to go fishing.There are so many beautiful fish swimming under the sea.You can move the boat to the left or right and drop the hook. Fishing for fish.There are other treasures on the sea floor, such as treasure chests, old alarm clocks, and even grenades, you can catch them.The sky sometimes flies over the raft, and they leave the hard stone. On the bottom of the sea, there are fierce sharks, huge whales, flying fish, and cockroaches. They are harmful and need to be avoided.Features:  Using the open source Irrlicht 3D engine to make beautiful seas,   motorboats, underwater creatures, sporting fish,flying fish.  The game has a total of 6 scenes.  More than 10 kinds of normal fish.  Dangerous fish: sharks, whales, crickets  A stoned bird.  The maximum level is 999.How to play:  Move the boat to the left or right, and drop   or lift the hook. Catch fish.  There are other treasures under sea,    You can also catch them .They can bring you extra gold coins.  Undersea, there are ferocious sharks,    huge whales, flying fish,  which are harmful    and need to be avoided.  Your time is limited. You must hurry up and    catch fish or treasure.If you catch an alarm Clock, you can extend your game time.Control:-Main menu:  Use Key Up or Down or Mouse cursor Select Function  Key Space or Key Enter or press Mouse Left key Call function-Move the boat to the left and right:  left or right key  mouse move to left or right-Move down or up fishing hook:  up or down key  press mouse left button-Return to main menu  press ESC key  press mouse right buttomAuthor:  Made by LydGameStudio.  programming author is Chen Weihua.  art design is Zhao Xiaoxiao etc."	""
"458"	"611750"	"Welcome to Hanwell"	2017-10-20	19.99	"Indie,Adventure,Action,Casual,Horror,Survival Horror,Open World,Gore,Atmospheric,Violent,Nudity,Exploration,Psychological Horror,Walking Simulator,Great Soundtrack,First-Person"	"About This GameOpen World HorrorWelcome to Hanwell, once a safe haven from the horrors of the world, now a cesspit of anomalous scum. Explore a dense open world of terror, every building a unique location with it's own story to tell. Strung together by the remenants of Hanwell.HanwellThere is something deeply unsettling about Hanwell. Unexplained noises, something in the corner of your eye or laying just beyond the shadows create an atmosphere that will keep you constantly on edge.Monsters, known in the game as Anomalies, roam the streets. They occasionally get into the once protected buildings. What you do with them is up to you, be resourceful and pick up whatever you can find in order to fight them, if you think you can handle it. Or run. And don't look back. There is an entire city to explore, featuring different environments each more distinct than the last. From residential homes, old English pubs, parks, stores, supermarkets and government buildings, all the way to the infamous HCPP research center. Each location holds its own backstory, leading to your arrival. Upon which there will always be something happening.The Hanwell Council of Public ProtectionWhen the anomalies first emerged, the Hanwell Council of Public Protection (HCPP) was formed to keep residents safe.Providing equipment and expertise on prevention and preparation. With the help of the HCPP, Hanwell became one of the safest, if most inconvenient places on the planet. But the council has fallen, you try to carry on as normal, but failing equipment and lack of warning has become a major issue. In addition to this, you are being stalked by a mysterious individual who seems to be everywhere.The rest of the world closed the gates and left Hanwell to rot. Thus begins your journey...Warning!This game contains flashing images which may have an adverse on people suffering from photosensitive epilepsy."	"Posted: January 21, 2018OverviewWelcome to Hanwell is a Horror game that will have you exploring the town of Hanwell, looking for pieces of an ID card to allow access to the Council Building. All the while, you'll be fighting and/or fleeing from various types of enemies. The game has a strong Silent Hill 1 vibe to it and, to WtHs credit; it's pulled off extremely well.GameplayFor the first couple of minutes, you'd be forgiven thinking you were playing \"Horror Walking Simulator #573\". You'll soon collect the vital flashlight and sneak your way out to the town of Hanwell. Once outside, you'll learn about combat and the various tools around town to help you survive.It's clear this was developed as a First Person Horror but Nathan listened to the some of the community and has added a Third Person view (akin to TES/Fallout). TP is great for when exploring the town and doesn't take away from the game but I'd recommend sticking to FP for combat or when you're inside buildings.EnvironmentThe town of Hanwell is huge, given the premise of the game. There’s some very clear signs not all is right there and that’s evident in the first room you start in. The indoor environments are put together well and, for the most part, they feel lived in and personal. Each location actually feels like the building it’s supposed to be and it’s clear Nathan has put time into crafting them as opposed to copy/pasting corridors from place to place. Some of the houses share room layouts but I think that made sense, given the construction of houses will generally be done with the same layout for the whole road. Again, it makes the town seem like a real, lived in locale.When exploring, the layout of the town made sense. It wasn’t just lots of random buildings placed close to each other. A layer of fog covers the town reducing visibility over distance but not to the point you can’t see where you’re going. It all adds to the isolating and oppressive feel of Hanwell.ControlsThe controls are fairly standard for WASD and they are easy to get to grips with. When outside, you can hit Shift twice and run indefinitely (given the size of the town, this was a great choice). There is controller support but it can sometimes be janky (Nathan has noted a bug with the right stick and is working on a fix already). The aforementioned 'view-change' is mapped to Z should you wish to use it.EnemiesThe enemies I've seen so far are well modelled and have a tangible presence it the game. As time goes on, I hope to understand their links to Hanwell more. With only my short time playing, I've seen a few designs already such as:Spiders - Not quite the giant spiders from countless RPGs but certainly large enough, and fast enough, to put a pause on your exploring. Burners - These things use the overgrown fauna to get close to you before leaping to attack you. When I say leap, I mean it! Happily closing vast distance with one pounce and using quick slash attacks to try and take you down. Blinding Vapour - I'm not quite sure what this is yet as I've only encountered it once while entering a building. Blending in to the fog of the town until close and 'Tainting' you, causing you to lose your vision for a few seconds. Thankfully, I didn't have to stick around long enough to see what else it has in its repertoire.  The Brute - Akin to Chris Walker from Outlast, the Brute is a physically imposing character who leaves you no opportunity to fight back (At least so far). His size doesn't impede his ability to chase you though, so don't make the same mistake I did, thinking a little distance is all you need. The Witch - Pure psychological nightmare fuel. Though I haven't got far enough to see if she's more than just that.Just from the preview videos, there are more creatures waiting to be found.CombatCombat in this game feels satisfying enough, with your weapons delivering hard blows with precision. That’s not to say it doesn’t feel clunky as the fighting isn’t particularly deep but, having the ability to block certainly improves your chances against the enemies. The game has a setting to change how often the ‘Slow-Mo’ kill camera occurs which was something I turned off because it made me think I was the one to die.StoryHonestly, so far, I’ve no idea. From what I’ve found so far, a doctor was conducting experiments on prisoners and, when that supply ran out, he moved on to other members of the community. A priest believed the only way to cleanse the town was... You know what; it’s fair to say the story is, thus far, a “get what you want” that requires you put the time in to listen to Voicemails / Dictaphones and read the documents strewn around. AudioSomething that’s been picked up by a few people is that the music can sometimes drown out other, more important, sounds. That’s probably my biggest complaint about the game. Aside that though, none of the sounds feel out of place and help to build a sense of realism generally overlooked in small indie titles.SummaryWelcome to Hanwell could have been ‘just another Steam FP-Horror’ but I think it’s been done well. You can tell care has been put into it. I was worried when buying about the ‘Mixed’ review score and waited until a sale but, honestly, a lot of the things put into the negative reviews have been noted and picked up during the patches. Is it a perfect game? No, but it’s certainly worth your time and money and I feel confident in recommending this title.,Posted: February 16, 2018Product received for freeEver fancied an \"open world\" first-person cross between the first Silent Hill and the first Outlast? Of course you have! With no further ado, then, I welcome you to Welcome to Hanwell!   There's no faulting this game for lack of ambition. From the get-go, it's clear that an unusual amount of detail has been lavished upon almost every area of the humungous map, with no end of uniquely spooky moments keeping you perpetually on your toes; even in areas which ultimately turn out to be more about mood than actual danger. This is a long, long way from those cheap \"indie horror\" efforts we've become so accustomed to on Steam of late: this game is clearly quite the labour of love, making its flaws far more forgivable than some fly-by-night, money-grubbing hack-job. But also, to some degree, making said flaws all the more heart-breaking; as what could have been a truly GREAT game is merely a really good one and, I'm sad to say, a sometimes frustrating one.   I'll use the sound as an example of how this game does so much right, yet so much wrong. There's the occasional stealth-horror bit where you need to sneak around and avoid insta-kill enemies, a la Outlast et al. In some of these bits, the game chooses to BELLOW at you with loud music in order to keep the terror levels up. The problem here is that you CAN'T perform a stealth bit effectively if you can't hear your enemy's footsteps clearly. Is it scary? Hell yes! Is it fair? Hell no!   I even spotted a forum discussion in which a punter asked the developer to give players the option to adjust the music volume - Options currently being a bit on the limited side - and while the kindly dev has vouched to afford players more freedom in the future, the version I just played is still very much a work-in-progress (despite not being in Early Access). The dev IS listening to criticisms, however: just say the words \"proximity bombs\" to any early adopters, and chances are you'll have one angry gamer on your hands! Fortunately these were removed during the course of my own playthrough, so I won't mention how infuriating they were while they were still implemented. So improvements ARE being made, even as we speak...slowly, but surely.   Another point of contention among players has been the alleged \"open world\" elements. These elements are...okay, but inessential. I, for one, could largely have done without them. Any enjoyment to be found in the free-roaming is all-but-murdered by the possibility that you'll not only get assailed, but maybe even KILLED by what amounts to a \"wandering monster\". It's a shame, too: the maps and graphics are really, REALLY nice. These outdoor bits are almost like a top-rate spooky walking simulator, except that you get randomly attacked upon occasion, sometimes while being afflicted by a supernatural darkness which impairs you and attracts them; this factor slowly becoming more of a repetitive chore than a genuine source of suspense.   Sure, there's Achievements and other \"rewards\" for exploring around everywhere, but I found myself just sticking to the main plot after a while. Who knows...on a replay, I may well rediscover my full sense of \"adventure\". I guess those one hundred samples of \"doctor DNA\" scattered throughout the town and surrounds will just have to wait.   Oh, and weapons. Forgot to mention those...ahem, yes.   Basically, you cannot enter any buildings with a weapon...a fact which makes a kind of sense from a gameplay point-of-view (you'll see!), but is never given any real-world logic within the game itself. But surely this just means your weapon will be waiting for you when you step back outside, right? Wrong. Weapons are randomly generated in the outdoor environments of the game, so you'll have to start searching for another one quick-smart, before something nasty takes an unsavoury interest in you. Sometimes this random weapon will be mere feet from where you're standing, and other times...yep. Another quite unnecessary and frankly irritating \"feature\" I could have done without.    Is this a perfect game? Far from it. Is it a scary game? Absolutely. In fact, I can honestly say that I found it downright stressful at times - for both good AND bad reasons - and I had to be in \"the mood\" in order to face a gaming session. It's tense as all buggery, it truly is, even if it sometimes achieves this effect by \"cheating\" a little (e.g. the aforementioned music and weapons antics)! One thing is for certain: this Nathan Seedhouse person is one horror dev to look out for in the future. In the meantime, I'm more than happy to recommend what appears to be his debut effort; doubly so at a sale price of ten dollars or less.Verdict: 8/10.(PS If you enjoyed this review, feel free to check out my two Curator pages: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/9284586-ReviewsJustfortheHELLofit/http://store.steampowered.com/curator/10868048-Truly-Horrible-Horror-Games/?appid=398210Cheers!),Posted: October 20, 2017I'm among the first to make a review on this game, so I'll make it decisive and detailed.Nathan Seedhouse's \"Welcome to Hanwell\" is an open world horror game based around investigation, mild combat, horror (duh), exploration and collectible...collecting.The game, running in Unreal Engine 4, looks stunning, the indoor environments are beautiful, crisp textures, accurate bloom, ludicrously good screen space reflections, depth of field, motion blur, volumetric fog and more.Welcome to Hanwell plays well, the combat mechanics can be a little chunky at times, and the inventory system isn't as intuitive as some may want it to be, but most of the mechanics work like a charm.Good stuff:-Stunning visuals-Great performance optimisation-Very effective jump scares and suspense-Succesful at making a player feel tense at all times while indoors-Interesting story that makes you want to play more-Enemies are varied but recogisable-Good progression (Eventually you get a UV light, the story slowly unravells, etc)-Decent combat (If not a little jittery)-Large map to explore, collect and fight in-Each interior is unique, with it's own story and secrets-Collection is exciting (I don't know what happens when you complete any of the collection tasks yet, but I sure look foward to it)-Scary as balls indoors-Really cool sonar style visualisation system when you are blinded and tainted by a darkness entity (Yeah, I know, woah)Some stuff that needs improvement:-Respawning after death is annoying if the last house you visited was far away-I'm stuck in a Harvard themed school right now due to a supposed bug involving a picked up key not actually unlocking a door-Combat can be jittery and unnacurate-Blocking currently does nothing (As far as I can tell)-Difficult to descern your objectives (Eventually you realise that you have to kind of just wander around and try to find new houses to explore, the story kind of unravels from there)-Combat and sheathing mechanics were confusing to me as a new player (I didn't realise that \"Sheathing\" your weapon in this game actually means \"Drop\" your weapon-Fog is almost always there, but does go away sometimesAll in all I think this game is brilliant and definitely deserves a buy, some small things need to be patched, but I'm on day 1  here so what do you really expect, even in a state as early as this, the game feels strong, smooth, responsive and scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥This is one of the most interesting horror games I have played in a long time, and for an individual studio (Or individual person, for all I know), this game exceeds all expectations and blew me right out of the water with its content and visual superiority compared to other games (both indie and AAA)What are you waiting for bro just jump in there and crap your dacks, it's a brilliant game and deserves a buy.8/10Welcome to Hanwell, people,Posted: March 4, 2018+Open world with a lot to find and explore+Nice fog effect, makes it feel like the open world in Silent Hill Downpour+Genuinely scary inside the buildings, a lot of thought went into the buildup of the boss ghosts that \"protect\" key items. The witch in the hospital is the best example+Excellent storytelling-The big con with this game is getting from location to location. You step out of a building and start running... Then two seconds in, a monster starts fighting you, and you have no weapon. So you run, and then a handful of seconds later, you tiptoe. You CRAWL. Then another monster designed to teleport into your path every 3 seconds stops your forward momentum. You look at the map to see how to get to the next building because that's the only way to get them to ♥♥♥♥ off. The next building is really far away, because the map is HUGE. It is only made to feel so much larger by the constant, nonstop ♥♥♥♥ing monsters you can rarely defend against or get away from and the protagonist's agonizingly slow walk, like creeping molasses. The biggest shame is that this is a horrible downgraded implementation of the well-designed boss monsters you encounter indoors, it cheapens them.-Decided to uninstall when I got locked in a hidden arena because I pressed the gauntlet button and the monsters that were supposed to trigger my release after beating them... Didn't spawn. So I was stuck after investing 5 hours of play.Listen to this advice. The ONLY way the open map is tolerable is by getting 50 witch eyes. It gives you a psychic ♥♥♥♥ off button that one-shots monsters. Go to the \"i\" icon on the far left side of the map, located in the exact middle of some woods and it should give you like half that many. That ability is the only reason I had the patience to finish this game. That and the stellar indoor design.,Posted: October 20, 2017So much wasted potential. This is not a sub-par survival horror game with an open world concept, although the majority of this open world is filled unnecessary with tons of places you cannot explore simply for the sake of making the game seem bigger than it is.You'll spend most of your time running around trying to find a building you can enter and instead getting blown up by random bombs placed all around the map. the first 4 enemies I encountered I didnt even have to fight because they would just walk into one of these numerous bombs. In fact the first bomb I came accross in the tutorial I had to let kill me. You have to let it kill you in order to teach you that \"hey you ♥♥♥♥ed up but guess what you can disarm bombs\". Even going back and trying to disarm it it would still blow up in my face. wtfThe music is amped up pretty much the entire time, completely breaking any immersion since it's always playing as if theres an enemy near you, which while there may be, nost of the time I simply take a glance around, see nothing, and continue on my way. Combat is clunky, movement is horrible. The sprint button makes you feel as if your speed walking instead of sprinting. Not sure if theres a stealth system and if there is it is terrible. Tons of random melee weapons yet no indication of which one are better or any stats on them. This game could have used a lean system to peak around corners. At least for the opening part. Once you get to the big open world in daylight you simply run around and run away if you see anything.The open world gives you no indication of where to go except the first building your tasked to explore, but even if you didn't want to start there and want to explore elsewhere first theres still no indication of which buildings you may enter. after wandering around the city for 20 minutes I just got bored because there was nothing interesting outside and the only building i found that I could enter was a store where I pucked up a battery for my flashlight (no scares or enemies).This game could have been so much more. When I saw the first gameplay demo I was hoping for a survival horror on par with Darkwood where you have to get resources and manage your house for the darkness while also uncovering the story behind the town. Instead you just run around in the foggy void of nothingness going from place to place to collect whatever the game wants you to with some lackluster scares and enemies here and there. Do not spend you money on this game. It is far to overpriced for what you are getting. If you want a good survival horror go buy Darkwood if you don't already have it.,Posted: March 24, 2018WHO WILL LIKE: Those who have fond memories of games like Silent Hill or Outlast.WHO WILL NOT LIKE: Those who have fond memories of games like Silent Hill or Outlast....but do not enjoy endlessly roaming an environment too massive to be enjoyable.I absolutely love what Welcome to Hanwell was trying to accomplish. It is an indie love letter to a generation of gamers that grew up playing classic Silent Hill titles back in the PS1/PS2 days. Everything from the thick fog to the creepy sirens and radio static all send me right back to my childhood days. From a graphic and animation standpoint, the game is incredibly impressive. I'd be lying if I said the random appearance of anomalies didn't make me a jump on occassion, and paired with some wonderful sound design, it can often feel very immersive. But then things begin to fall apart....Post tutorial, you are thrust into the towns open world. Make no mistake, this world is too big. Even in full sprint, your character snails across the map. This wouldn't be an issue if the world was interesting. It isn't. It's just huge. There are collectables thrown in to justify the exploration, but aimlessly wandering this giant map for them is a borefest. A more condensed map would have made this much more enjoyable. But then....The story. Who are you? What are you doing? And why is my only incentive to turtle through this giant landscape to collect the fragments of some woman's ID card? You're not going to care. But assuming you do....The gameplay is OK at best. It's classic \"go here, read this note, collect this key, listen to this audio log\" kind of stuff. Mind you, the audio quality for these logs is downright incredible. I very much enjoyed listening to this game way more than I enjoyed playing it. From enemy to enemy, you will be forced to click through the games boring combat. Swing or block. That's it. It's not broken, it just feels overly simple, but not in a good way.Where does this leave the experience overall? I honestly felt sad. There are wonderful ideas at play here. I wanted to feel terrified in this massive, lonely world filled with creepy anomalies and hulking juggernauts. I couldn't though. With no incentive to do anything, trudging through the huge town got extremely boring all too quickly. It was an amazing idea executed poorly, and honestly, I'd like to see the developer give something similar a second shot. Talent is here for sure, but maybe this was the \"try outs\" before the big show. ,Posted: October 11, 2018Just a review of Welcome to Hanwell. What can I say? Atmospheric, moody and creepy, with a dash of frustrating and pointless.The Story is interesting enough to try to find out whats up, and the progress through what you are Supposed to do is pointed out easily in the first of the game. Collect 6 pieces of something.  Sure, but when you only run like a drunken sailor for a BURST of Running, you get a 'gassless' half-lope.I swear I ran better totally Drunk. I had to keep hitting the shift button INCESSANTLY, and as Fast as you could but to no avail, and you die. Randomly appearing things, uh,.. doors that aren't operational, but cute, Running at the speed of 'Talk'.  I had to re-think whats Cool in a game. Is it Cool to have atmosphere and mood, Without control? NO! That is the Theme of my Review: Cool is NOT 'pretty', 'Cool' is Fun, and Screw the difficulty, without the Thorazine. Some Game Devs are So out of tune with the Casual gamer.  Meaning: This game is pretty, Frustrating; technically, along with the games glitches, no saving is possible, so, No I wouldnt recommend it.  I like you and dont want you as upset as I was when this game lost its mind.  I believe it was a mercy killing. My PC put me out of my misery.Thank you PC, you're my only friend.,Posted: October 24, 2017Why are there bombs on the floor literally everywhere in the game? In the ~50 times I've died in the game I think that all but maybe 5 were from getting blown up. So almost the entire game you are doing only two things:1. Searching for a key, button or item to open the next locked door2. Defusing every single bomb you see along the wayThis gets repetitive and boring after 1 hour. There are enemies but you almost rarely have to deal with them.The price point and game length are good but it just gets way too frustrating to enjoy.,Posted: March 26, 2018Product received for freeA slightly buggy horror game with an empty world that doesn’t quite feel complete.GameplayYou’re thrust into a scenario that doesn’t quite make sense at first. I still don’t understand what’s going on as the story looks to be told through notes, recordings, and things strewn about the world. It’s bad enough that I don’t often see these items, so running around and away from enemies is all I could do. The moments where I did pick up items that opened up the story more, it only left me feeling more confused.It plays like any other horror like this: Go here, kill/avoid this monster, pick up this key that goes to a door you have zero idea is located but you’ll eventually stumble upon as you run from heck knows what, and then listen/read these scraps of newspaper clippings that foreshadow a story you’re still having to piece together. These audio logs, however, are top quality voicework. If I could just listen to the story from start to finish through these logs, that would be preferable. I enjoyed piecing what little of the story I could through these logs as they were chilling and the voice acting superb.The world feels way too big and way too empty. There aren’t even that many enemies in the football field sized area you’re turned loose in. In other open world horrors, there existed a depth and a sense of dread as you slowly make your way through the streets. Not the case in Hanwell. The roads, buildings, and sometimes objects all looked similar and muddy. It was unvaried.The monsters were creepy, but combat was extremely lackluster. Sometimes the hitboxes didn’t register and when they did, it was far off where it should’ve been. Hits feel hollow and there’s no sense of ‘YEA, HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW SUCKA’ kind of feeling when you kill things. Combat is dull and uninspiring.I also ran into a few bugs that others have mentioned. Freezing, game won’t start, unable to interact with objects or the environment. While not game breaking, these were frustrating to deal with and did happen more often than they should in a finished game.OverallI can’t recommend this game. The bugs, while not exactly game breaking, don’t help this already empty and unfulling horror. The sluggish often disappointing combat, the tedious trek around a huge map, and the convoluted story don’t make for a game that I’d revisit any time soon.If this review/EAR helped you, please give it a thumbs-up. For more reviews like this one follow the NeedtoKnow Gaming Curator page <3,Posted: April 21, 2018The game definitely had a potential, but it's been destroyed by the absolutely empty and thus useless open world, annoying, hard to kill enemies and half-baked plot, that lacks details, lore - anything, that would interest you and would make you actually pay attention to what's going on in the game.Also, the ending is awful."
"459"	"629370"	"Runic Rampage - Soundtrack"	2017-05-17	3.99	"Action,Adventure,RPG,Indie"	"About This ContentStay a while and listen.. If you love the music of Diablo® and Torchlight the Soundtrack of Runic Rampage is made for you!The Soundtrack of Runic Rampage includes over 50 minutes of original music written by Alexander Eckhardt and Lukas Meinardus (Syndrone) in 320kbps MP3 format.Tracklist01 - Main Theme (1:35)02 - Dusty Paths (5:35)03 - The Desert Castle (5:07)04 - Library of Stones (3:23)05 - Forest of Thorns (5:52)06 - Temple in the Woods (5:49)07 - Magic Fountain (2:35)08 - The Caves (5:17)09 - Steamy Stronghold (4:46)10 - Deepest Dungeon (3:24)11 - Icy Abyss (5:40)12 - Frozen Fortress (5:38)13 - Tower of Terror (3:14)"	"Heya Warriors!Challenge yourself and test your fighting skills - how many random levels can you beat in a row? Find out in the all new game mode Winning Streak.How does Winning Streak work?Start in Streak level 1Beat one random levelLevel up to Streak level 2Beat two random levels in a rowLevel up to Streak level 3Beat three random levels in a rowLost a game? Keep your Streak level and try again!How far can you make it?Like New Game Advanced, Winning Streak game mode is accessible after playing through the campaign.Upcoming achievementsWinning Streak game mode comes with new achievements, wich unlock at 90 reviews! :)So, Please write a review, claim your Winning Streak achievements and help to unlock more future updates.Happy smashing! :)Update: I just added 7 new Achievements :)Best.Alex,Anyway to change resolution? Love the game btw. I have it on mobile. PC version is enjoyable.,I completed Tier 2, and saw all the ending credits again.  I just spent about 6 hours on it.  I figured it would be similar to when I finished tier 1 way back when, and I could just play, and grind levels, gold, abilities etc.   It completely wiped all my...,I'm probably missing something obvious, but how can I start a New Game Advanced?I mean, I've beaten the game about an year ago and I see that there's something new on the stage select menu, past the Fourth Act, but it's not unlocked (yet)....and yeah,...,so i have done the tutorial, sat through the story and have completed the first two levels perfect and now i want to do the third level the stoned library but for some reason it won't let me it says i have to collect 4 more shards well for over hour now i...,Hey Alex, I love Runic Rampage and have been playing it for some time now. I was curious, for players like me who have everything and loads of unspent Stat Points, and tons of gold, ever thought about putting a New Game+ option? Where it takes away all yo..."
"460"	"943120"	"Moe Jigsaw - Blessing of the Campanella vol.2 Pack"	2018-09-20	1.99	"Indie,Casual,Nudity"	"About This ContentFor those who want to enjoy more \"Moe & Kawaii\" illustrations with \"Moe Jigsaw\", we have prepared a special jigsaw puzzle pack.PACK INFO:Puzzle Count: 7 Puzzlesillustrator: ko-cha(ARES Inc.),Mature Content DescriptionThe developers describe the content like this:«Attention» This DLC may contain content not appropriate for all ages, or may not be appropriate for viewing at work: Nudity or Sexual Content, General Mature Content"	"DLC will be FREE or need to buy?,dear developers. that the achievments only pop up in the highest difficult is crap. is it maybe possible to change that with a patch that they will pop up on any difficult. thx,a workshop that allows players to publish their pictures would be great.or at least add puzzle packs of different styles, themes, ...(of course they should all be moe..)it would be great if there is an option that enables a random background music ever...,I thought it was gonna be something jigsaw game in anime. nante kotoda!?! wtf,What for updating on 170 MB?"
"461"	"537990"	"Heroine Anthem Zero -Sacrifice-"	2016-12-23	9.99	"RPG,Anime,Adventure,Side Scroller,Story Rich,2D,Indie,Action,Soundtrack"	"Reviews“A 2D Action RPG with pretty good visual and potential for future sequel”3.5/5 – GameFAQs“You are looking at a game that meets most of its goals and provides plenty of fun.”7.5 – CGR“A solid story-telling game with some combat and exploration elements”Save or Quit,About This GameWith a emotionally resonating soundtrack and beautiful visual art style, Heroine Anthem Zero is the FIRST EPISODE in an epic fantasy adventure game from WindThunder Studio. An unforgettable experience that blends storytelling, music and stunning visuals, it is over ten years in the making. Come and enter the moving world of adventure from long ago.The story begins with the last Cataclysm, with the descendants of the Savior rebuilding the land around the World Tree Terasyr. Thousands of years later the Engora Dynasty grows into prosperity, with Fae and Human together resisting the encroaching advances of evil from the edges of the world, and deathly Longhorn Woods.As fate brings Wanin the Forest Keeper and the wandering cat-girl Shama Kutami together, the entangling web of destinies unfolds. In a world unforgiven by God, their fight for survival unknowingly bears the weight and sins of thousands of generations hereafter.key Features1. Available in English for the first time! Heroine Anthem Zero is the first game in the series to support English!2. Featuring well-known Voice Actors in various languages, including Yūsuke Kobayashi (The Heroic Legend of Arslan) and Tomoka Wakabayashi (The iDOLM@STER)3. Exquisitely detailed 2D visuals, bring the world of Heroine Anthem Zero to life with its vibrant characters and stunning world setting.4. A hauntingly beautiful soundtrack, following in the tradition of the Heroine Anthem series: famous composers (known for their work in RPG classics such as Chinese Paladin series) as well as Japanese composers new to the series have joined forces to produce unforgettable music.5. Weapons and skills -- Character progression is closely tied to the weapon and items in Heroine Anthem Zero, switching weapons changes damage and other attributes,as well as attack motions. Weapons can also interact with the stage levels.6. Explore carefully crafted side-scrolling maps and dungeons, solve interactive puzzles and discover hidden treasure locations for powerful items."	"Posted: December 29, 2016Heroine Anthem Zero is the third game of the Series. The first two games were released in 2002 and 2003 and now, in 2016 they finally released a new game.This is a 2D side-scrolling slasher in a very beautiful world with a norse setting. The game begins with a nice intro video, showing us lovely places and playing a very pleasant music. Right after this you find yourself standing in the Forest with two other guys (Brandr and Olegon). You are Wanin, a swordsman and forest keeper. The game offers a nice story, you can kill some big monsters, talk to many people and see a quite a lot of funny moments or jokes while playing the game. Storytelling is a major part in this game. They made many images showing up while somebody is talking and some speech bubbles with emotions.Besides storytelling, this game offers a combat system. I wouldn’t say it’s perfect but it’s quite okey for me. In the beginning you don’t have much. You can swing your sword, jump, send your little friend to stun the enemy but as you move on you find new moves, new skills, weapons. I played it with a Logitech Controller and it felt quite good, can’t say anything about the keyboard controls.I like the graphics and music in this game. The visuals are well drawn, characters are detailed, so is the landscape. The music is very relaxing. Playing the game with headphones I didn’t feel annoyed by the music for any moment. Big respect to the artist and composer!Having played the game partly in English and partly in German I can say, that everything is okey. (I’ve only seen 1 small spelling mistake in the English translation.)For now the game lacks some things. You can’t change the resolution, change the control layout, you can’t access the options window in the main menu and it’s not possible to skip many moments. The tutorial lacks hints about the controller buttons. But the developers already plan an update where they try to adjust some things according to what the community told them. Developers who listen to players and reviews are good developers and I hope they will do more and more patches in the future, so this game uses its full potential!Positive:+ beautiful art+ pleasant music+ nice and interesting story+ detailed character design+ developers listen to community+ updates are coming soonNegative:- can’t change resolution- can’t skip many long moments- tutorial doesn’t show gamepad controls- unable to rebind keys- combat system could be betterIn the end I can only say that most of the things I’ve pointed out as negative don’t really change the gameplay much and they only would make the game more comfortable. So I still think this is a beautiful and relaxing game worth giving a try. If you like games of this genre you will have some very pleasant hours!9/10 – waiting for patches! :)Click to get to my Curation Page,Posted: February 2, 2017An excellent action RPG that places great emphasys on story telling.-The artstyle and visual aspects are top notch,thanks to gorgeous backgrounds,detailed character sprites and beautiful CG that depict the events of the game's story.-The sound department is very good as well,the game's music does a great job at complenting it's lush visuals.-The gameplay is good as well,the character progression customization aspects are very nice and the bossfights are spectacular,thanks to their fantastic visuals and solid mechanicanics.-The characters and their interactions are very well written and will make you feel involved with the game's story and universe.,Posted: June 21, 2017Product received for freeIntroductionHeroine Anthem as a series seems to be a household name in China. I admit that I never played a previous title from this franchise before and Heroine Anthem Zero is a reboot more than a remaster. For a 2D RPG series that has at least 15 years of tradition, I’m quite pleased by what I’m seeing so far. It mixes action sequences with relaxing music, funny dialogues and interesting characters. The game is the Steam debut of WindThunder Studio. A promising start to what I hope, shall encompass several other Heroine Anthem titles in due time.StoryThis is one of those rare cases in which the story is both intricate and confusing enough to encourage me to read more of it, online. I won’t bore you with the details and by now, I’m certain that you understand I hate spoilers myself, so I’ll keep it short and to the point. The narrative presence of a World Tree, Nature Guardians and impending Cataclysms, all seem to be inspired by Norse mythology. Even the names for locations or objects in Heroin Anthem seem to confirm this. Afterall, the World Tree Terasyr does seem to be a direct inspiration from Yggdrasil, the mythical tree of the once pagan cultures of Scandinavia. And yet Heroine Anthem Zero is the skilled fictional work of Taiwanese developers and artists. If that ain’t cultural fusion than I don’t know what else it might be.The combination of Asian storytelling and character tropes/mannerisms with Scandinavian leitmotifs, results in an experience unlinke anything I played before, on Steam or otherwise. I can’t complain about games which prove to me that even after almost 20 of PC gaming, I still haven’t seen ‘em all. English voice acting or not, the game’s protagonist, Wanin and his ragtag group of equally fascinating characters, made me overlook the repetitive combat, just for the sake of the story. Heroine Anthem Zero even features as its easiest difficulty, a Story Mode that makes combat nearly effortless. I didn’t pick it, but its very presence in the game settings, proves that the dev team wishes to cater to gamers of all ages and experience levels.GraphicsSome of the best looking 2D sprites I’ve seen in a long time. I doubt 3D would have been able to improve the narrative in any way, and that’s what truly matters in this title’s case. The artwork (even some “Valve-friendly” nudity) is top notch. Couldn’t find any information on the graphics engine, but I suspect it’s in-house and there’s no reason for any complaints in regards to its stability or resolution options. It ran perfectly in 4K with constant 60fps and it scaled the fonts nicely. Visual effects during combat were aplenty and during dialogues with NPCs, there were anime-style visual features and emotions being simulated. Obviously better than a blank stare or dumb smile.AudioThe soundtrack truly shines brighter than the visuals and I found most of those songs to be relaxing, even during intense boss fights. As I mentioned before, no English option for the voice acting yet I stuck with the Japanese dubs and I think the other option was for Mandarin or Cantonese. Proper English subtitles (as in, no typos at all) were more than enough to break the language barrier and just enjoy the story.GameplayThe gameplay emulates the ARPG (action role-playing game) and side-scrolling formulas and while the combat may be Heroine Anthem Zero’s weakest point, it’s still interesting enough as to not invoke any boredom, until you advance the storyline further through quest solving and NPC (non-player character) interaction. I felt that the fighting sections were trying too hard to separate themselves from the rest of the gameplay, while the foe variety along with the weapons and attack animations weren’t as diversified as I would have hoped.I wasn’t a particular fan of the fixed save game locations either. I find this feature to be flawed and obsolete in this gaming day and age. At least the control scheme makes full use of the keyboard so it’s certainly a game designed with PC rigs and players, in mind. The game world might also seem a bit restricted. You won’t go on a JRPG-style odyssey but I still consider the accusations of some of my fellow Steam curators, to be unfounded and superficial. Heroine Anthem Zero has a minimal grinding requirement, so perhaps that’s why the gameplay duration might seem rather short in comparison to similar titles.VerdictIn truth, I have few complaints for this game and despite my initial reservations, I didn’t waste a single minute once I realized that the story compensates for the flimsy combat. And if you read enough of my reviews so far, you know I care for the storyline first and foremost. Not for the multiplayer and most certainly not for the digital killing of this or that. Trading Cards and Achievements aside, the price tag is justified. And those two auxiliary types can always be added at a later date through a game update, so you have no excuse not to purchase Heroine Anthem Zero at its full price or through a Steam discount. What truly matters in the end, is that the dev team receives enough support to produce sequels and new projects. Perhaps some English voice acting as well, if it’s not too much to ask for?Edit: Trading Cards have been added in the latest game update.Strong Points+ Steam Trading Cards.+ Intriguing storyline and setting.+ Beautiful graphics and soundtrack.+ Excellent mix of multiple themes and genres.Weak Points- Repetitive combat moves and sections- No Steam Achievements.Rating 85/100 This review was submitted for Imperial Reviews and Cubbes.,Posted: June 20, 2018Developer put in Redshell, tracking software. This game was on my to play list, now its in the archive never to be played.https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/comments/8pud8b/psa_red_shell_spyware_holy_potatoes_were_in_space/,Posted: January 1, 2017I started this game after the released of the first patch, version 1.0.1.0, which fixed many issues other players complained about.The platforming play style is a drastic departure from the first 2 games which are turn-based rpg. This one is an action RPG with combines Mega-Man-X-Style platforming and RPG elements. A few hours into the game and so far I like it. The character movement is very smooth, soundtrack is awesome and the story is superb. There are a couple of things I dont like about this game. The first problem is that there's no difficulty setting in the game and so far the game feels really easy, I read from the other reviews that the game was kind of difficult at launch. I really enjoy challenge therefore I would prefer them introducing different levels of difficulites instead of tuning the diffuculty down for everyone. My second complaint is that there's a lot of unneccessary nudity/fan services i have seen so far and I am not even 1/3 into the game. I know sex sells but its not like most of the series' fans base is Otaku or perverts. Most if not all of the fans of the original two games are proberbly in late 20s or early 30s, it's not like many are buying this game because of the fan services. The storytelling in the series is magnificient and many people are buying the game solely because of that. All these nudities and the mature rating (displayed on the box of the physical copies sold only in Asia) are just going to prevent the younger generations from having the chance to enjoy this masterpiece.,Posted: December 23, 2016Please note this review was written for the game at RELEASE DATE and wasn't updated since.The Dev has fixed many (though not all) of the weak points I have listed, so perhaps read some more recent reviews if you are looking to buy.---There seems like no detailed English review yet so here it goes.Music and CG are really great, story is good enough, but those just do not matter that much when it's a side-scroll ACT game having bad (polite way) gameplay to start with.I have played 4 hours to reach chapter 1.3. and here are some facts:1. At release this game has only 1 episode, with 1 playable character, though developers said they will add free DLC later.2. Really bad character control missing a lot of side-scroll ACT basics. 2nd jump only allowed after a normal jump but not after a dash jump. Cannot change direction during a dash jump. Very short invincible time with nearly no knockback after getting hit so you are likely to get hit again. Cannot look down before jumping. Hitbox also feels a lot wierd.3. Boring early game. In the first 3~4 hours you will have no weapon skills, no combo other than normal hits, no equipment slots, high-hp boss fights with repetitive patterns, and all these with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ character control described in \"2\" above. I know many of these will be better in later games but it's already too late when many players got bored and quited.4. Somewhat not user friendly. Fast skip conversation key \"Ctrl\" not in help menu. Some long 4-min music drama that can be summarised in 2 lines but cannot be skipped. Not always have clear objective notes or signs and I was once stuck for 5 mins following a wrong mark on map. Not always have save points right before boss fights.5. Possibly too difficult, for people haven't played much side-scrolling ACT games. No difficulty setting.I really wanted to love the game but somehow end up requesting a refund, and I may not actually get it since I have 4 hours playtime. If that's the case I think I will finish the game anyway, and may adjust comments if they are inappropriate after that.,Posted: June 15, 2017First off, a general warning, this game is short. If you're looking for something that is going to take more than 10 hours to beat, this is not that game.Herone Anthem Zero isa  beautiful 2D-sidescrolling RPG. The story is wrapped in Norse mythology, so if that's something you enjoy, you'll like this. I'm not going to make long paragraphs for this so instead I'll just list out what I think are it's pros and cons below.Pros:- Beautiful art in both cinematics and in game- Good story- Good music- Good chharacter designs / developmentCons:- ShortHope you pick it up, it's worth a play.,Posted: March 4, 2017A great ARPG, with quite an heavy emphasis on the story, whose main features are the music and the artwork, while the gameplay works nicely, but it's nothing that special at this point and certainly has its fair share of flaws (some bosses are complete damage sponges, there are an awful lot of instant death pits).Like previously said, the departments where this game truly shines are with the artwork and the music, something of which it has quite alot of (just the introductory cutscenes alone were enough for my controller to auto-turnoff).While certainly not for some people, if you're into story-driven games then this one is definitely worth the time.,Posted: December 23, 2016Heroine Anthem Zero is a 2D-sidescrolling ARPG.  I tried hard to like the game and to support TW developers, and its evident they have put in alot of work:- Music is fantastic.- Artwork is aesthetically pleasing.- Plot is interesting loosely based on Norse mythology, with humorous dialogues (I played in traditional chinese, not sure if any humor is lost in translation).  English translation, from the limited amount I've seen, is also well done with no glaring mistakes.However, outside of production values, the core game is unfortunately quite bland and inferior to other competitors in the genre.  - Unable to rebind keys.  The default setup is functional but awkward.  Not sure why an ARPG in 2016 would not allow key rebinding.- Unable to change game resolution.- Poor animation.  When your wall jump animation is just the standing character sticking to the wall and looks rediculous when you do it multiple times to scale a wall.- Poor mechanics.  Or lack thereof.  No blocking, rolling or  parrying.  No crouching, or sliding, or anything that you may find in any decent platformer.  No attack combos.  Only 1 special attack for your companion fairy and slots for passives.- No feel/soul.  Your attacks have no weight.  You wave your sword around like a fly swatter.  There is no pause in attack animation or zoom-in to represent weight or impact.  No flashing damage numbers, no boss health bars, nothing. This is basic game design, yet somehow escaped developer's memo.  Combat is made even worse by the terrible sound effects.  Yes the music is fantastic, but the sound effects are terrible.   There are better sound assets found in RPGmaker.- Voice acting in Chinese is very lifeless.  Thankfully you can switch to Japanese.- If you skip a pre-boss cutscene, the boss can hit you before you regain control of the character.Ultimately, I'm going to recommend the game becuase at its price point, what you do get is good music, decent story, sometimes funny dialogue, some fan service (the game is 18+ but mild), and serviceable (albeit uninspired) gameplay.For fans of this genre, I would first take a looke ar Rabi-rabi and Salt & Sanctuary before I consider this title.,Posted: October 4, 2017There's thieving neko in this game. Instant 10/10 for me.But fiiiine I'll write a review. Especially since it seems there are a large number of old reviews that condemn the game for old problems it had, which it now currently doesn't. But before I continue....This is NOT a combat-focused game. Yes, there's combat. Tons of it later on. Big gigantic boss things too. But the main focus is the story.This game is not finished. This is only Episode 1, and the next Episode is currently in development.If neither of those sway you away from this game, read on!1. Story - I start out with story for Heroine Anthem Zero because it's really its bread and butter. While there is a hefty amount of combat - especially later on - the main draw to this game should be its story. Immediately, you're flung into a viking-esque world where the protagonist is a rambunctious, foolhardy young lad always itching for adventure. During the course of the game you slowly but surely learn of the world's plight, and how Wanin - the protagonist - isn't the only person with a life, nor is he even the center of this world's narrative. You may control him, see through his eyes and aid him in his adventure, but you learn other important characters are going on their own adventures, while others have already finished, or are currently continuing theirs. This makes the world feel alive, and makes you question constantly what untold adventures are going on while you're undergoing Wanin's.2. Atmosphere - I love it. As stated earlier, the world really feels alive. There are many, many characters in this game that have zero to do with the current narrative, yet are given personalities and connections to other people or places. Throughout the story you can feel how extremely amicable people are to each other, since most characters you meet live in the same close-knit community. You really feel the love, admiration, and in one instance, condemnation. If this particular world wasn't teetering on the edge of doom, I would love to visit it in real life if it were possible.3. Graphics - If you're into hand-drawn worlds filled with color and atmosphere with a huge bucket of anime paint flung onto the canvas, you're in for a treat. It's quite the beautiful game, and I did find myself pausing for a few moments to check out the scenery - especially the backgrounds. There are also a pretty good amount of scrolling portraits that help punctuate certain events in the game. Usually these are pretty fan service-y....not that I mind that of course! 4. Gameplay - Okay, so this is the zone of contention for many of the older reviews. I don't know what was all \"broken\" at the time of said reviews, so I'll simply go with what I do know, and my own experience.As stated, this game is heavily reliant on story, so you will find yourself listening or reading conversations almost constantly - especially during the beginning of the game. It's practically a light novel where you run back and forth throughout the main town talking to people. I personally didn't mind this, but if you just want non-stop combat, then this might not be the game for you.When combat DOES kick in, it's initially pretty basic. You gain new abilities either through progressing the story, or by obtaining new weapons. Enemies can sometimes drop an item that makes your basic attack stronger, and can stack up to 3 times. If you get hit by a powerful attack however, you can lose those stacks. Keeping it at 3 stacks is quite important, as you'll do far more damage. This promotes skillful gameplay. You'll always want to look before you leap.You're also given a little fae friend that can do damage and stun enemies in a line before you. In fact, if you've ever played Dust: An Elysian Tail, then she's basically a barebones Fidget.There are a few things I do want to point out, after reading one of the older negative reviews:1. You CAN double jump after a dash.2. You're able to control your movement after a jump. You can even turn on a dime in mid air. 3. Invulnerability frames are a thing after being hit. You have about maybe 2-3 seconds worth of it. 4. There are 2 difficulties. Standard and Simple.I may add more here if I read more reviews that are contradictory to my more recent playthrough of the game.Sound and Music - There is no english dub for this game. Only Mandarin and Japanese. I chose Japanese myself, and everyone sounded pretty good. Mormolia, your fae friend, is my least favorite voice-wise as she seems to be always screaming since Wanin is constantly annoying her. I got used to it though.Music wise, well there's not alot to be said - which isn't a bad thing. The music in general is very elegant, and fits perfectly with what is happening ingame. It hits every point on the spectrum - from adventure-y determined highs to haunting melodies to happy-go-lucky tungfoolery to tense action. While it's nothing incredible, it's not at all bad either and does the job perfectly.Animation - This could be hit or miss depending on one's opinion. Enemies in general, especially bosses, have pretty awesome animations, while more humanoid characters do tend to look a little off in their movements. It's kind of stilted, yet loose at the same time. This is due to the way the devs animated this game. Each character is made up of body parts that have joints connecting them. This means that the animations between movements aren't actually drawn. They instead move these characters' joints. This saves alot of time of course, and gives the game its own style. But at the same time, it does make movement between characters rather odd. The Negatives 1, There needs to be a portrait gallery. For real, there are too many beautifully drawn portraits - both fan service-y and awe-inspiring - that should be easily seen at any time after you've beaten the game. Can't just take pictures either, as these portraits scroll during these scenes, thus a simple Steam snapshot won't do it justice.2. There's an odd glitch that happens after you've reloaded a game. Your ATK is reduced to 0. This is easily fixed by re-equipping your chosen weapon, but it's a bit of an annoyance. I didn't even realize I was glitched out for quite awhile until finally I got fed up with having to smack bats 5 or so times to kill them. I checked my profile and bam - 0 ATK.3. The spider venom. For real, that stuff is a bit too powerful. It reduces your hp to 1 almost instantly, and if you panic-heal yourself, it'll just re-reduce it down to 1 all over again. There's an antivenom item, but you're still more than likely going to need to heal if you get hit regardless. The poison effect should've been gradual and not instant. Luckily, it's easy to dodge. 4. The ending is the biggest freakin  cliffhanger  ever. Luckily the story will eventually continue, as part 2 of this game is currently in the works.5. It's short. Very short. I beat it in two sittings and even had time to do a bit of money-farming to get ready for what I thought was just another boss battle. Speaking of - the final boss battle. While the fight was interesting and had some challenge, the thing you fought comes kind of out of left field. With a game so heavily reliant on story, there was no real build up to this final boss. It just appears, and Wanin states what it is. Story-wise it was kind of a let down, however the ending certainly threw me through a loop. Was not expecting the aftermath of that battle (though I wasn't surprised at something else that happens. Of course, I won't say what.)Overall I greatly enjoyed this game, and can't wait for Episode 2. However, would I buy this game full price? That...I'm unsure. It's a very short game, and in the end, there are tons of loose ends. I suggest either waiting for a sale, or wait until Episode 2 comes out so you can immediately continue the story after beating Episode 1."
"462"	"1014400"	"Notemon"	NA	NA	"RPG"	"About This GameIn Notemon you and your best friend (a Notemon) wash up on the shore of a small town called Nyoo Owtearowa. This town was a normal and peaceful place as the small group of settlers cleared some space to build their houses and started mining some stone for construction. But recently Notemon have been aggressive and the citizens of Nyoo Owtearowa are in danger! In your exploration of Nyoo Owtearowa you can befriend Notemon, build them a home, investigate the recent Notemon aggression, help the townsfolk and discover everything that awaits you in this delightful and mysterious land.Gidday, I'm Nick from Croaking Kero, and I'm making Notemon.I love turn-based monster-taming RPGs and with Notemon I wanted to fix the major problems I have with this genre.Instead of beating the monsters into submission, you build them a home and entice them to join your team.Battle moves don't cost a resource (like MP/PP), but instead give the Notemon a cooldown until their next move.Health, stats and status conditions are all restored after each battle.No move overwriting. Notemon learn new moves as they level up and all the unlocked moves stay available forever. You can select up to 4 moves to be used in battle and you can change this selection any time outside of battle. Try as many strategies and combinations as you like!Non-linear gameplay. The game has a story but you're not forced to follow it through a central plot. Instead you may explore the world at your leisure and choose how to engage with the story, if you do at all.Notemon is made with PICO-8, a fantasy console with virtual cartridges. Normally PICO-8 games consist of a single 32KB virtual cartridge, but Notemon is the biggest PICO-8 game ever made, using 16 cartridges bundled together into a single file! Code and data for different parts of the game has been distributed between these cartridges and is automatically loaded during gameplay. Much of the data has been encoded within the cartridges to be decoded at load-time to create the NPCs and objects on the maps."	""
